or months has been in a Thai prison
Spaniard Daniel Sancho is accused of
murder and dismember the surgeon
Colombian Edwin
[Music]
[Applause]
ch
[Music]
[Applause]
w
[Music]
to
Very good evening, how are you, friend?
trio friend tuyupa
Greetings to all Greetings to all who are with us
this
seeing delay has been my fault
eh Well let's see Really Good yes but let's see
If I'm going to let you carry the burden
I blame you dearly But it is true that we have
I've been watching this live for a bit.
been a little unscripted because the
My poor little Tri has been here for like 3 hours
I've been in there for 5:30 so far and I don't
has given time how many hours it takes It takes
more than 5 hours trying to read it
translating s ok I have left for
Translate 20 pages I mean no piss
time to do it whole okay, let's see
It is important that you know that this
direct because it was obviously not there
programmed but when it has been
We arrived and spoke to her on the phone
We have said, Hey, we give it to him, we don't give it to him.
good fact some media have already
pronounced regarding the sentence that
They have it and such, I've been a bit sideways
and I have to say that they have not entered into
depth as we are going to enter
Because it is a thing that they are
Thai has to be translated and it has to be
read it yours I think Leo has read it
whole no yours you yes yes in 5 minutes already
We go up to 47 pines, that's more or less
At least we know how it goes, okay, but something
I'm going to say one thing. You're going to have a
a lot of fuss with what is going to go
publishing because it is super complicated
I've been translating all afternoon.
called tuup 23 million times what
we have translated it is well translated but
I'm going to say one thing I'm sure that
Many people will confuse the concept there is
a part of the sentence that I would say
which is what we are going to focus on today
the final sentence you all know the
verdict commuted life sentence
death by life imprisonment Then
when Javi suggested the live show to me
I thought I would have time to have the
whole translated but apart from that I
It has been impossible, it is also necessary
understand it because it is divided into several
parts there are parts in which they are the
statements of the police there are parts
in which there are parts of the Witnesses
which contain the declaration of
Daniel Sancho and I think that part is the
What more controversy I have been left alone
or is it just me no no [ __ ] I'm
here Ah okay
I think V
ok part of the statement
see it is going to be brought because many people
will confuse as something that is taken for granted
fact and it is simply that it is collected
that Daniel Sancho declared in court that he is
what I would focus on today that already with
That's what we're going to have for live because it's
that Dani Sancho's statement is
brutal or rather eh Nothing that you have
I thought I could have declared it
what he declared when we read it when
Let's read what Daniel Sancho Vais declared.
to hallucinate or rather You are going to hallucinate
clarendo that there what you do is
pick you up
literally what the statement is
that each one has given in the trial another
thing then is in the last pages A
the best of what they create and what they
do not believe or that is evidently the
versions of Daniel we already know that they are
a bit peculiar or but it is that the
trial that is brutal or true
Now when we read it when we
Let's focus on it. You'll see what it is.
brutal okay Jose
you who know the case
also after reading half of the
that you have already encountered
surprises that you have said the mother that
what the [ __ ] is he saying here with
your statement Yes with the
Police ratifications not by
example is also known with the sentence
that Sancho is taken to the hospital to
examine the body that puts it
sentence that we didn't know that Eh but
in relation to what people declare I
I have reached the declaration of roots
the one from the bungalow that at no time
Daniel says to go cook what he wants.
He says he has come to practice
to practice moito or for or for
Thai I don't remember now Very good
then to practice mu tha said mu tha
truth Then comes the truth
statement by the kaya girl that
In addition, The Girl in the Shut Up serves as
witness for the next day because it
go on the beach rowing The ka pulling
pieces. That is, the girl in the quiet sees him
day after
eh we have the statements of the
police officers who do not contradict each other
We have the statements as far as I know.
I have read Vale and the boss's
research and then we have the
statement by Daniel Sancho in which
Well, that's where the police blame it.
that deceives him that he is without a lawyer that
They read the Thai statement that they did not
He understands it in the end and now at two
statements by Daniel Sancho two or so
In the trial, one is the one who declares in the
There was another trial after the end
in the trial No that be in accused to the
policeman who deceived him and everything was clear
When he tries it he says no, that was all.
the opposite is that he invented what we spoke about
in the season of judgment as that
Daniel Sancho did have one.
statement and then at the end like others
allegations yes I don't know if in the end it will come
when he asks for forgiveness and that is what it is
that says balfagon but I don't know if that
It will come at the end, I'm on page 27.
I have read, I don't see, eh? No, I don't see, no
okay then in the other half what
It's what you think you have left. I mean, you.
Do you think I'm on this final page?
I don't see a single moment that p
[ __ ] not a page here I'm the only one
What can I say that has been good for me?
very surprised by the statement of
Daniel Snchez and I, but very much so.
very very much what he declared in the
before the judge he has me
surprised a barbarity throws all
the guilt, that is, but a brutal guilt or
It's good that you were surprised by not
I was expecting you to face some exo things
I didn't expect a statement so
clearly in front of the judge they have invented
I'm not going to put much page or anything
because as they are Thai I don't know what
data I can put and censor can happen
nothing then we don't need to put
nothing on the page screen or anything, let's go
to be here what we have to be
tell people that I break down all
the sentence on the channel What happens that
It's going to be impossible to start here
because I haven't had time to study
the whole thing nor has anyone had time
and at least so that people have
a Prim a pretty good advance I think
having focused on the part of the
Daniel's statement is going to impress
already enough for you to have to
all the
day another data that calls me a lot
Attention Jos Javi entered with Erwin
like the 337 minutes inal but then like
6:00 almost 7:00 came out or
It means that at that moment it is already
had
I've killed TR but you mind repeating myself
Please, what is it that you said, yours?
entered the mouth of Boken at
3:37 and at 7 it is possible at 7 triumph
over there S And something yes but that was already there
picked up the cameras we already knew he
sale means that the police have already
I knew more or less that she had already
Well there was already
killed Yes yes of course
TR peak hours and desc of the exit and the
The entrances to the bungalow were quite
picked up by the camera and more or less
We had it under control now We are
I'm not going to tell you memory every hour
but we more or less had it under control
Jos squared Eh Well look at this
exit leaves without any bag and goes to
the
beach is going to look at the Kaya Lu thing
when the sentence arrived, the part of the
cameras and everything fits, that is, that is what it is
changed that we square it in the
documentary square yes s square A
a question from you in dime Have you read In
what they are well based on
and the sentence instead of chain of
death, give him the penalty of life imprisonment
switched How how you want
say because we know that in the ruling
He said well commuted because he asked
Sorry expressly states what in in in
what part then in part what
under construction
the police took it and pointed out where
was And where he had thrown each piece
of the corpse did not enter that
moment made
that the reconstruction had been put in place
Farruco too, of course, but if the
reconstruction he did not collaborate then
already death penalty Yes or yes it is
what defense
sipr that's why he was accused in the end as
death penalty on the front page
the first page of ancestry which
you're putting in Thai there apart
to name his master the king
court of the province of Cosam Mu and
such as the prosecutor and the plaintiff, Mrs.
Mr. Leopaldo Jos Arrieta Nieves and
Mrs. Ana Marcel Arteaga seems to be
join the lawsuit against the gentleman and
what the first page says
says subject crime against life of
crime against life crime against
officials in administrations of
Justice It is reported that he has committed a
violation of the law in several crimes
different that occurred on August 2,
2023 between day and night the hour does not
Clara is the accused has killed with
premeditated intention for a plan
to kill using force to
end Mr. Arrieta's life
Artiaga says that on the first page of the
sentence if only the first one is included
Aha page is very Jose has seen very
the sentence is different from the composition
that has the sentences
Spanish It is that the Spanish sentence is that
I tell you one thing Now when I start to
I advise the defense to move this and
to the prosecution and to everyone who
look for someone Thai because it is a
The hodgepodge is brutal, don't remove it.
We, I've been calling all afternoon
to yours truly you already know why it is a
hodgepodge you don't really know what it's about
is referring then there will be
people I'm almost sure it's going to
mistaking Daniel's statement as
a proven fact for example they will say
that this is a proven fact when it is the
Daniel's statement I know it's going to
happen or will happen at best they will
take it and they're going to say no. So they're going to
confuse criteria and such because it is very
comp that is mixing will happen a little
wanting is mixing between Claro
between statements by Daniel and also
the facts not as if it were a summary
the facts So they are already mixing
things that people maybe because Daniel
I lied several times and it is
obviously but of course if people don't
understand thinks it is like this and it is not like this
Exactly, but something occurs to me, let's see.
eh this sentence took two weeks yes
You told me your yupa because also the
They translate not because the translation will come
later but that Thai one is already out O
be that right now there is only the
sentence in Thai we are not going to have
another in English or Spanish at the moment
Yes, maybe soon because yes
There is Thai, everyone has it
Thai I tell you because it has arrived
I lay down for a while in many places and
5:30 when I woke up I had the
sentence for three or four
Vale and J sides you're going to start tomorrow
You are also going to bring a series to the channel
not where we are going to get good information about
everything does not have to be broken down because
If it's not a mess, okay, but today I think
that caught my attention a lot
things I want
comment giving credit to Trio if there is
some things that catch my attention
of the lies or that I find
contradictions with some things that I
surprise I'll see if I bring a video of
These long ones to the Canal Por
true we are in the three direct to the
time is worth it we are on all channels
At the same time, what I always tell you is valid.
You can watch it wherever you want
It would be nice if you stopped by for the three of them.
channels and you gave like on all three
channels and subscribe to all three
Greetings to all my people if you want
We start with Aler, let's go, I'll do what I say.
the lady who sent me
confuse me correct me I wouldn't like that
Yes, if you have any questions, let me know.
questions like that I'll answer you okay but
start start reading in Spanish and if
You see that I started with the page
13 okay that's where the statement is
From number 13, okay, let's go to page
13 the first thing is complaints And that's it
First are the exhibition of the
facts from which the parts of the appear
body as reported and so on Exactly Yes
That is, the first thing is to tell you the
facts and other things no And the 13th from the
page 13 begins to collect the
Daniel Sancho's testimony here nothing more
The more we start, the more people will go
surprise because the first thing he says and
It must be said that he does not speak in another way.
first person is not I say but that
It's as if someone were telling it as if
someone was telling what
Daniel testified that it is worth it.
create
confusion the first thing he says is
discovered that the accused and his partner
traveled to Thailand in the year
2018 clear You read that and I what
I understand as yours that the first thing that
What I did was call Tuyupa Tuyupa here
It says 2018 true And it says C haido with his
couple true yes yes It is supposed or
We imagine yours and what would happen to me with yours?
previous girlfriend who traveled to Thailand in
2018 is what we wanted
understand why Conwin Nowin knows him
in 2022, that is, it has nothing to do with
so then we understand that that part is
who travels with his girlfriend and decides
Establish a restaurant business in
Thailand, of course, that already seems strange to you.
Well, this is what testifies is worth it. Yes.
We read in one go and discover that the
The accused and his partner traveled to Thailand
in 2018 and decided to establish a
restaurant business in Thailand by
what booked a plane ticket from
round trip between July 30th and 23rd
and on August 23, 23 of course This is not
It holds up a lot because from the 18th to the 23rd
They haven't been for years, but oh well, we keep screwing around.
eh we continue and continue with the
statement on July 30, 2023
The accused arrived at the Subar airport
buumi the same day the accused continued
your trip to Cangan that is false
I say this because the cameras are collected
which is false but good in the province
From Surat at approximately 12
hours the accused rented a motorcycle
for a period of 10 days by presenting your
passport and providing a number
contact phone number to the owner
from the business then the accused moved
to the Panan Resort hotel where the victim
had booked a room where the
victim had booked a room on
accused checked into the hotel
providing your first and last name and a
contact phone number
The accused subsequently continued a
journey
tourist we continue ok with the 14 very
Okay, no, yes, yes, okay, let's go to 14
says on August 1, 2023 he reserved the
room at the Bugs Villas hotel from
August 1st to August 4th
because the hotel mentioned has
the rooms are separate and have
a kitchen for the preparation
of foods where they can be recorded
cooking related videos for
publish them on a YouTube channel
which the defendant has been doing
for approximately 2 years or so
has been posting videos on for 2 years
YouTube however the hotel mentioned
does not have the necessary equipment to
lend for food preparation
so a person will be transferred to the place
place near the bicc in the branch of
Copan Gan where he bought a knife
garbage bags, gloves, disposable files
and various fruits and then return to the
Piman Resort Hotel for Lu to return to
Piman Resort Hotel on August 2, 2023
The accused went to the store.
pingpong hmart to buy a knife
kitchenware and cooking utensils
to prepare food Approximately
at 3 in the afternoon he drove a
motorcycle to pick up the victim in
Perum says he buys a board knife
Saw Yes, several utensils he told me
Yes, okay, okay, okay. Specify a little bit there.
it's okay okay
perfect the accused drove a
motorcycle to pick up victim in the
Cangan Pier The accused told the
victim who was not staying in the
Piman Hotel then the accused took the
victim to the Bugs Villa hotel and now
now comes the concoction of the
Question V now we do not put it into
task While the accused of the
victim were in the room
victim was sitting at the end of the
bed and the accused was sitting on the
bed with the deceased were the
two sat on the bed and talked
on financial matters in which the
deceased had offered to help him or
It is said that he and he were talking
Edwin of financial affairs not the
accused asked him to record a video
for an ad on YouTube and the
deceased said he had no intention
real to help him but just wanted
have a sexual relationship with him
accused told the deceased that no
I had those thoughts that that was not it
your idea no more or less we go
well well We are doing well the accused none
relationship with the deceased but the
accused needed financial help from the
deceased the deceased said yes
He wanted me to help him with the matter
financial the accused would have to use
her mouth to give him a [ __ ] is worth it
how strong is that I also have in
matrix but when we arrive it is we are
on page 14 or 15 there is a page
3839 when the police said that all that
what he said was a lie, all of it.
invented everything to discredit the
victim because but it is the opinion of the
police when testifying not because they
You already know that Daniel had already spoken about
who has had a reaction as a couple
in Madrid on several occasions and has been
as a couple that Daniel accepted and and
as if Claro did not accept us as a couple and
Then he told the police that he had
sexual reaction that they don't believe this
What does the police say, so that is a
police testimony because there were
police officers who testified at the trial yes
yes yes yes he said you were making it all up
That's because it didn't fit in when we were a couple
Exactly for
We have the messages from the
messages from them when the ship as
inventing and then his piece didn't fit
exo come on keep going
Okay, we continue, we continue, we have
the sharpening thing is not worth using
his mouth to make a sharpening
accused did not agree and threw out
deceased outside the room eh the
deceased approached the accused and tried
having sexual relations with the accused
and threatened him that if he did not accept
would reveal the relationship between the deceased
and the accused
eh sorry and the accused to other people
but the accused did not accept the deceased
attempted to strangle the accused
in tried to strangle him or Daniel no
has no mark on his neck But he
says he tried to strangle him okay
We just said that Daniel
They also took him for an exam
physique and had none of that mark of
says he tried to ex
Triangularizing it says the deceased tried
strangle the accused so that the
accused punched him
deceased accused but lost for what
The accused punched the deceased
eh in the area of the deceased's face
he stumbled backwards he tripped he didn't throw it
he but that
he tripped over the edge of the door
from the bathroom, that is, he no longer fell down the
hit but from the punch the other gets
he stumbled and fell yes what made him fall
He admits that he hits him first
a blow not Jos but that does not fall to the ground
by the blow but falls to the ground
because you stumble well Okay I'm still good
Yes well Say what he says made him
fell and his head hit the counter
From the bathroom the accused approached the
deceased and told him that he didn't like it
that he left his room, that's it
when we are lying on the ground
stuck to the of course the accused bit
the victim's left arm
that the accused hit the face again
The victim bit the deceased's arm
right of the accused and the accused attempted
push the victim who approached
to bite him also on the neck or that is
Say what he told you. No, of course, let's see if
is lying on the ground the others are
is fando you don't like me as that
He raised his arm, no, he didn't get up, he bit him.
one arm then the other arm and then
was going to bite on the neck That after
of having tried to strangle like a
My goodness, I do see it as a bit of juggling.
That is, imagining myself in the head of the
scene you get up after you have
fallen on the ground you hit yourself and
you do this to bend down to bite that
The scene is I'm going with you to
Thailand but I have no relation
with you simply as agreed
Let's give a Din now we get into that
Well, because in itself it seems to me like very
cold, that is, they are conversations that are
Sancho said the day that one day
The truth will be known This is your truth that
you want me to
Say no, I laughed a little like that
The police are laughing at him for that
The topic is a lie, poorly done, not like that
He says the poorly constructed lie, no
that but it is no longer glass because
so he is in a good mood and travels with
and find The Glass Cage in
he
bungalow we didn't talk about no no he didn't
He talks about Glass Cage because he doesn't
he felt harassed, that is, according to here,
fact he didn't know what or who Edwin
I wanted a sexual relationship with him which
had is a financial business So
I don't know about Chiqui. Well, now.
We now enter to evaluate that
We're going to finish talking.
ironically because we start from the base
that all this is a lie This is what
He declares you know but at first I don't know
whether it came from his mouth or from the first ones
statements from him or from the father but
It was said It is not that Daniel is in some
glass classrooms, well forget it because
He doesn't say that, he doesn't recognize it, good for him
biting the accused on the neck
The accused pushed the victim who fell and
collapsed which made the head of
the victim will hit the again
sink counter the victim started
to
convulse understood that it was possible
that the accused died and was sitting
in bed for hours because
He felt guilty so he used a gun
white that was bought at the store in
pingon H sea eh And with her he couldn't
cut the victim's clothes so that
He used it, he said that he felt only one
hour and to start with he already told me some
alone okay well Eh couldn't cut the
the victim's clothing for what he used
a pair of scissors to cut clothes
deceased the victim's body is
found under the sink in the
bathroom and used the aforementioned knife
to cut the victim's wrists and
thus preventing too much blood from coming out
and the victim decapitated him by cutting off the
bones that's what it says
He says but he couldn't So he used the saw
We are at 16 to cut the parts
from the body of the deceased he put it in a
plastic bag and went to buy a
Kayat depositing 000 to the owner of the
kayak and then returning to the room
to pick up the pieces and now we're going to
know now we will understand why this
part yes I believe it yes Now I know how to see
Why doesn't Daniel throw it all away?
sea and we have always said Why is it
He throws some parts into the sea and others to the
Ok then now I'm going to see why he leaves
from throwing away body parts to putting them together now
I'm going to explain it
He got on the boat and stopped to
drop the parts on the beach but
The accused reported that a riot broke out
storm yes so the accused
He returned to his room again and
He drove his motorcycle to take the
parts of the deceased's body and
throw them around the island or like a
storm stopped carrying parts of the
body to the sea by the
storm returned to the room
August 23rd At approximately 5 o'clock
In the afternoon the accused put parts of the
body in a backpack and headed to the
beach then got into a kayak and paddled
Throwing out to sea the parts of the
The victim's body was thrown into the sea at 6 a.m.
in the morning it will be to the sea
eh Forgive the sea with a knife of the
Hotel mentioned after that the
The accused went to the Pan Man Hotel
Resort to use the facilities
After that he went to the hotel
Anara to eat then forgot a bag
in black and returned to the Villa Hotel
to go for a walk on the beach
feeling a little nervous
relatives of the deceased sent him
messages and on August 4th from 23 to 1
August 4th, 2023 at 1 p.m.
He says that they sent him the messages. No, yes.
I'm not mistaken. No, yes, okay, he invited that.
says he invited a friend to go to the
Futar police station here where
met the police officer
tosc that's what it says we continue no
Yes, the police say he hired a
translator for what he translated and asked him
to take a picture please
be sure to remove your clothes and
make sure that the staff of
inspection is available for
provide you with a lawyer but the
official, that is, he told him that he wanted a
lawyer but the police officer
reported that it was not a
suspicious interrogation but only
of a query On the subject of a
missing person eh says he told him
The policeman who didn't need a lawyer
because what I was going to do was Not yet
He has not been charged, so wait for this.
Daniel says he did not communicate with the lawyer and
the police officer took him
directly upon arrival at the Buga Hotel
Villa the accused reported that he would help
look for his friend the police officer
He seized the motorcycle and the phone from the
accused around 9 a.m.
The testing center staff arrived
to the hotel mentioned The officer of
English-speaking police officer told the
accused who would help him find his
missing friend the accused requested
that there was another person and a lawyer
present the office staff
investigation
Eh, they didn't want to make the situation
was stressful and they committed to
follow orders very well No tuyupa yes
The police officer sent the accused to
undergo a medical examination at the hospital
took the accused to the station
pstat rac control where the operation was performed
collection of related documents
with the work of the staff of the
immigration control office and
and now he says and he was informed
accused who should be sent away
of the kingdom which led the accused to
believe that one could leave the
kingdom in 48 hours Or so it seems
They made him believe, according to what he says, that
They were going to leave Thailand in 48 hours
The police officer was going to leave
pruned James Bon asked the accused to
sign the document and told him that if the
accused cooperated Wait for the opening
next page does not wait because of
search in missing Exactly the
search for person
missing person would be transported out
of the kingdom and he believed it, that's what he says
it
He thought it might be a conversation
colloquial the one that maybe
Say your signature here that you will go inside a
par deo is what Daniel is telling
You either believe this or you don't.
To Mr. JB and the rest of the officials
on August 5, 2023 to point out the
places where they were discarded
organs of the deceased then the officer
police took him back to the station
Copenhagen Police On August 6
In 2023, police personnel took the
accused to make a report for
make the plea of guilty
asked to meet with an interpreter and a
lawyer but has not been able to contact them
because the person from the office
research has prevented him from having
access to it, that is, it says that on the 6th there is no
They let him have neither a lawyer nor
interpreter
No, it is a lie because the
statement lie Everything comes clear the
not a lawyer but well exactly he has
all the evidence final page and the police
dismantled everything as if saying sasca
with all the lies not to his face
He was like saying my goodness, but why?
what to declare a thing that is why
lie about something that is verifiable
because I understand lying in the fight but
in a thing like that that is verifiable
and put yourself against the authority that
is going to say No look He is here
because the police have said eh since the
Initially the police said This is a
liar By book by as saying is
a liar from birth more or less
as if saying he believes in his own
Lie because they are used to it
lie then believe that the lie
others will believe her lies
because they are used to it but he doesn't
realizes that they are lying in front of you
an investigative police officer and a
Your yupa at this point would be
usual If the Thai police want
to get a statement that they make one
little lies to the to the supposed so yes
It is normal because it is the technique of
They give you the technique so that you can
sing things but the e when they go in
court, that's what they call it, it's one thing
of nonsense does not go does not affect is the
technique that does not affect how it is
called generation of the jue quec that
no it doesn't affect anything no no it has nothing
to see as they know perfectly well
exactly They know perfectly well
that is the technique that any
offender can you know can use
words for you to sing not of
of things to deceive him more or less
but the technique they use
we continue yes yes yes I hope because
Now I'm lost and I don't know where.
was going to
see here it says due person saying that
He doesn't have an interpreter or a lawyer or anything.
acc to it after it is Eh okay
Then the gentleman told him to cooperate
in search of his missing friend
that if he collaborated he would be sent away
of the kingdom the interpreter did not read the
content of the note given to the
evaluation So you heard first eh
before signing, that is, he says that
No, they didn't read it in Spanish.
understood is what no 7 means
On August 23, the official of the
inspection office showed up at the
court of the province of the province
Mr. James Bon took on the role of
interpreter with the help of the Lord Ana
as counsel for the accused on August 16
From the 23rd the police officers
They transferred to the island prison
cosam mui to interrogate the accused in
relation to a knife used in
the attack and then it must be remembered that
On October 19, 2023, the staff of
the investigation reported on the
request for additional information
accused contacted him
translator and the lawyer but he did not agree
agreement with the people who were with him
assigned no yes did not want to sign Exactly
I agreed with what he told me
assigned neither wanted to sign nor wanted to say
nothing guilt or anything Exactly he says
He confessed that at the stage of the
investigation due says he confessed that the
stage of the investigation because
He was deceived and was induced to do a
statement by the investigator
research staff did not inform him
about your rights and not to let you know
provided legal advice that is
what he said
eh the main evidence has been analyzed and
It has been confirmed that on August 3rd
23 police officers found
human part Well here we go now
another part is worth it here it is already finished
That's as far as he goes, that's what it is
It says it's what we've read, right? Yes, well.
At this point we basically see the
makes the best difference in some things
that here in Spain in Europe
would work differently And it is that a
accused can complain about his rights
humans Oh, they have failed to comply This to me
They have made a statement without a lawyer.
done So I don't know to what extent
that
They will think that he committed murder
and also with all the ballots he is
do these things to get one out of it
statement because here in Europe
better we have a lot of nonsense not to stop
my taste eh I don't know that in the United States
can do it in the United States is a
of the things that can happen to you, he tells you
that the police can deceive you
perfectly suited to making a statement
positive I don't see anything wrong with it, it's a
technical part to see something else would be a
an extortion a threat by
from the police because then there you are
They can force you to declare something that
It may not be the truth, no. Also, we have an aunt.
That is not part of what has been signed.
because he has an interpreter, Tena has a lawyer
I had everything. Yes, I have that. Let's go.
I have it here if you want of course and he
knows perfectly well saying that none
distortion Neither an obligation nor anything that
He knew what he was doing and he understood everything
what he said clearly but then the
statement that is the opposite of what
there was proof I lied again on that
statement in an extortion can be
Yes, it can be contaminated because
The best, eh? I'm going to share a moment with you.
I'm going to share with you for a moment
screen
Okay, I'm not going to put the whole thing because
Well, not to take out many things but well
Look this is the first statement of
he and the second because the first and the
second are the first and extension no
I give it to you Yes, go ahead if you want and as you see
It is signed by Daniel Snchez or rather and
Here they are, lawyer, the interpreter, can you?
translate it but you can translate it if
You want the lawyer with the mobile phone
interpreter This is the first
statement that also where if you
You look at the drawing and he said that
They all agree that they understand everything
which is signed on all pages
eh Not only in that one But then he
He lied about that, he no longer recognizes that pair
and by and by lawyers and by and by
everyone, that is, it is signed by everyone, yes it is
as enus later because he didn't remember
what he had signed he did not remember
that he had said, that is, it is as if in his
head has so many lies the problem
The problem is he didn't know which part
what he had lied about is not like that
see when I lied and now
What I do is like asking things one
madness there, what I think is that
He doesn't lie at first as much as
when they start to
I understand that I do not recommend lawyers.
you have to declare this you have to
follow this path at first because
I would say I'm going to collaborate I'm going to say the
They really caught me or whatever for
That is the death penalty. There is one very thing
interesting in the sentence that says
When the accused confesses this part,
They say in the sentence on page 21 it says
when the accused confesses to the court
can pass sentence without the need for
present further evidence in accordance with the
Code of Criminal Procedure article
176 and it is accepted as a fact that the
accused committed the crime
mentioned in the accusation, that is, it is not
like here in Spain they say that the
accusation is worthless. Of nothing if not with
tests that are worth it Well, as it says
the sentence according to the penal code
Thai which I don't know in the article
176 the accused may be convicted
simply with your own
statement is very important that's it
call oral trial is super important
But it is also that they based the
Orani's trial also based the evidence
Although they don't write there but
like they're all going with the tests, huh?
that the test is very important
I that in the case that the judge
considered it appropriate that Under his
subjectivity, he considers that he has
that condemnation has the law to do
do it if you want even without a remainder
as it says there as it says here in the
sentence even without further evidence or
present nothing or rather tells you well
clear when the accused confesses the
court may issue a sentence without
need to present further evidence of
in accordance with the code of procedure
criminal article 166 is accepted as a
fact that the accused committed the crime
mentioned in the accusation that you
He says it is put here in the sentence
page
21 When I read it, I felt the same way.
you say host then
Elo here in Spain many times that
better a judge who does think let's say no or
has white and in bottle
guilt of someone but if not
has all the requirements you need
to condemn does not condemn
It has happened many times
done yes but I have details
Also as I said to Trium yesterday
I even spoke to the head of research.
I think he promised me that they are going to go
to be here with us on channel
YouTube is now like this
of work but they have promised me that they will
that they are going to talk and explain to us
many things but one detail that he told me
gave to Yesterday he told me because I said in
when the judge sentenced that person in that case
of Daniel Sancho not of capital carena and
then with mutated it says you know
Why is it commuted and he told me why
He collaborated, okay, that's what we know.
collaborated to help the investigation
blah blah blah blah blah and then I said
but if not if there is no such part if not
there was that part of collaboration that
I would pass, he told me 100% capital punishment 100% and
that's what saved us and then I
I said but it is possible that the prosecutor's office said or
or it is possible that the prosecution had doubts
some tests told me in system of
We don't work what you want
say in Why did he tell me when we
We already have all the evidence tying
Daniel Sancho because we already have the in
puzzle all fit together then in order
all that evidence to the prosecution in
prosecutor's office and says that normally prosecutor's office
If they do not agree, it says it is a filter
very important says that they are going to talk with
the police saying no they don't have to me
bring the most conclusive evidence but
that moment had so many forceful
In all the evidence the prosecution did not have
He does not doubt for a moment. Therefore he says that
It elevates that to the judge not to stop
present before the judge and then I
I said and he told me normally when the
judge has already received everything and if there was not
complaint from the judges in that case
moment says that we are already
as we have done an excellent job is
so with which in cu when you see that it is
a job well done on the part of
well done police officer on the part of the prosecutor
then you only need Well
interrogate Daniel and that's it. Then
I was already very clear with the evidence of the
presentation by the prosecutor's office and the police
That's why I've already made the decision. This is it.
that I told you before the testimony of
from the rich roots of the bungalow says
Miss Raica Chin, owner of the
Villa reported that a reservation was made
room in the accommodation number
5 from August 1, 23
available online Yes Yes
Now he says a motorcycle came to the
room with only one person with one
backpack and a handbag the bag of
hand is the one that had bought in the
B is where he carried the knives
and so on, eh, and a handbag he told her
that Cangan came to study
Thai said that to Raica at the
bungalow yes the room I don't know if no
has that takes the cza learn the room
It is a separate space that includes a
living room, kitchen and bathroom
kitchen is equipped for cooking
They said it was not equipped because
She says she is equipped for it
cooking inside the room there is a
medium-sized refrigerator for the
customer service the witness
never saw another person come to
that
room is what it is
declared is that person you remember that of
theories that came out in the first few days
about a third person and what if
someone there with Daniel he was going alone
came out
Only until yes Until he enters with Erwin
and then danian came out alone and without he came out
Erwin exactly and the one about the ka says the
Miss Kanj P Mawan, owner of the
Coron Beach Bungalov stated that on 2
August 2023 around 7 o'clock
accused entered the store and asked him
buy a kayak that's on page 22
Wait a second, I'm going to 23, he asked her.
buy a kayak says the witness declared
This is what he declared at the trial
let's say that I wasn't selling but
renting the defendant placed 000 in the
counter and then headed to the beach
So he dropped 1000 and went for a
call taking the red callar
from the witness to the shore and now says
later on August 3rd
2023 around 6 in the morning
witness the same woman saw a person
rowing with the witness's cay in the sea
near the beach So I had it
but they saw him the next day already
throwing the rest of the body at 7 o'clock
Tomorrow is just missing a camera
focusing on the beach and that it is
I also saw in the calla throwing the
things that
was condemned, carried as if entering
coming out coming in coming out Yes with all
the chamber of the whole ledn in
recording it or rather me what I don't
I understand that moment when I don't know what
moment when the head went well it is
He was the head from the beginning
but it means that at that moment I
I think she has forgotten everything that was there
the camera I think that your I think that it is not
I knew of no moment eh because there was
cameras and such I think you do not
I imagined that I was so watched, not me
I don't think so, I don't think he knew it, right?
I had no [ __ ] idea if I hadn't done it
what the film did and told
He told me that he went to eat and such.
I think he thought that was half
wild man what surprised me a lot
because if in Thailand every part of it
camera how not I am not going to I don't know
observe that the camera was recording
There was a camera everywhere.
I don't know because the camera is a
shamelessness I mean it's not saying that you coas and
the cameras see him enter and exit well
and he is hiding no no the cameras
They are true, Jose, eh? And what about us?
we have seen are the frames or that is
The videos will be a spectacle
even when they talk about video here
They don't talk about photo images here it says
we see the image of the video and such here
They talk about video that is a spectacle
because with the stock market it comes out
He comes in saying that he was there all the time
as a little nervous as they are
as studying on stage not as
Let's see what I do and such, it is also seen
when it is more loaded when leaving and when
It goes without weight when entering, that is, it is the
cameras are but I don't know which page I don't know
If you have read that he had a backpack
and a bag hidden in a bush Yes
yes, one of the last ones that you wait for, yes, yes, very
strong
I'll explain that next to it
Crist bar yes hidden for later
transport all of that in the pieces that
had already dismembered Well there is a
movement that I didn't understand very well
because he takes and throws a series The
backpack with a series of bags throws them
like in the trash can in the
Little path that goes to the road outside and leaves
Ah the backpack And then it's like
repent and
the room helped to take out of the trash what
I had thrown it away and put it in the backpack, I think.
that there was something there, I would say, Oh, here it is, but
They are all recording, imagine the image.
that the police are watching at that moment
let's go let's take it in half
says to the
2159 shows the defendant carrying two
garbage bags to be disposed of in the
waste area behind the store
Cristi or in in
At 8:33 p.m. the
accused walking with a bag of
black trash and carrying a backpack
towards the disposal point behind the
store where you left the garbage bag
black woman carrying the backpack was observed
who then hid the bag in a
bush near the trash container
After being accused he walked towards the beach
He undressed and returned to the room
At 11:10 the accused was observed
walking with two garbage bags eh
whites of the Bugin Villa Hotel that took
to throw in the garbage point behind
the Cristian day store and then
picked up two black plastic bags that
had previously thrown away and saved them
in the backpack that he had hidden
Carrying a backpack, the accused left
towards the beach 11:41 and the accused
walked along one side of the beach then
He returned to Bu Villa but without his backpack.
later on August 4th
security cameras are recording neither
you can't imagine that they are joking
I'm not even recording the white bag.
I imagine it would be best
Imagine
little piece of paper I don't know what, backpack or
whether you know that it is not recording for
that hides it is not caught hidden
backpack in the bush
Bol is very strong the black bags that
He takes them out of the trash and takes them away
puts it back in the bag and takes it away
on the other hand it would be something important that
He would say, oh, this here smells bad or what?
They will see clearly when the police as
They collect all the cameras to
fit into the aurochs and I hallucinate of course
Okay, but Ah Ah now let's go let's go
Let's go to Pina Dani, man. No, we're not going to
talk about the declaration Ah already mu what do you
It seems that it is brutal Well I I my
impression is that it is scripted. So
He declares what he is advised to declare
But how it will be scripted I'm going to tell you
explain why If the defense leads to
a witness who brought him one of those who
was the other was not but was one for
say that he had been harassed by Dewin
Arrieta that Edwin Arrieta had it
sexually harassed than Arrieta
That was the witness who carried the
defense then was Ivn Velasco
also to tell that movie that is
he said that Winet was a person who
He sexually harassed you and then he came
this and what he testifies is that he does not
I didn't even know that Ewin wanted a relationship.
sexual with him So far It is that
I don't know if an L defense didn't fit because
That's why he caught the lies
right away but when when a team
legal has to prepare a defense
you have to put everything on the table
What if you're going to say that you don't?
you had no relationship with this man
messages cannot exist
telling her Kari I'm waiting for you here
I'm looking forward to seeing you. You don't know, let's be clear.
Yes but but javir in principle when
the police spoke from the moment when
He caught him and everything he said yes he has it
the sexual reaction with Edwin in Spain
he said it says
queim That is the most sincere but you in
what head we are going to see some lawyers who
They have been preparing this for months in what
head fits that you say now no no no that goes
we had no relationship with you
say that but chur but if it is that the AB
I couldn't say that because they had prepared
The Witnesses to the contrary is that
The Witnesses who carried if they carried
up to up to a
witness of sexual abuse, that is to say,
the offense the same defense that has
they themselves have done everything wrong
stuck in How I had it in the cage
It means that you know in aguj that is
They walk around on TV saying that
police made a botched job
I also believe that many parts of the
of the condemnation of Daniel much
part is guilty the defense of
their own defense because they are
preparing things as if they were from the
Daniel's worst means no no
a word he said didn't fit at all
Daniel and another word said the defense
contrary All of which is why when they are
when they catch the lies it's that super already
I tell you what I don't understand
as the defense carried a line and
Daniel was wearing another one completely
different why or what sense
the defense has to take a line and he
take another one let's defend the classroom
Crystal, we are going to defend that he harassed you
that you had a relationship and it comes
And the guy with his balls and says that
there is no relationship that did not have any
linkage
With that, I think the fault is that
for money, yes, I think I will fail
that Daniel told the truth from the
beginning and then they want
dismantle the truth and has not been able to Yes
but look
eh How can you take it and it may seem to you
good idea that your client claims that
suddenly it is fortuitous to find yourself there
on the journey when we are talking about
that these people had taken a
room for two although then the cja
another one that was also a couple but how
How do you think it's a good idea for your client
say that you suddenly find yourself with
that the other becomes aggressive and harasses him
asks for fellatio when there are two of them
people who have already traveled the
Iberian Peninsula honeymoon trip yes
I didn't go when the police knew that
They have had sexual relations.
who says I don't want to me what I don't want to me
it fit that now Daniel said that I
tries to force to make relationship so so
so says but if you have already had
sex before then what are they going to force
without so much, that is, without focusing on how
It is told in the sentence of the victim
or I'll make you the drawing that Daniel draws
They go to the bungalow. Will looks like he
asks why we are going to that bungalow and
He tells her it's not that I'm already here
staying in this because I'm going to record the
cooking videos in this in this
bungalow they enter the bungalow And instead of
sit in the living room and go to bed
because he says they are in bed something
I don't understand if I'm going to talk about it either.
What the hell am I doing in bed?
Well, they go to bed and sit down.
two in the bed who could have
sitting in the living room but well they are going to
the bed and now the two of them sitting on the
bed that I repeat to you I don't know what
sitting on the bed, mother m Daniel
He tells him that it's good that
as I had promised to give him some money
and such that he had taken that bungalow
Well, to record cooking videos
I don't know what I was going to record because I didn't
I had to buy food, I don't know what I was going to do.
But well, I wanted to cook something
the fruit that was already cut J Exactly
the watermelon because he says no to her. Then he
I say that I want to record a video
advertisement of such and he tells me that it was
false that he was not going to help me
economically and at that time I
I got angry and I made it out of the room
out of here don't go and in that
moment tells me that good
that winged that that if who that that that I
help if I give him a [ __ ], yes
He wants money for me to give him a [ __ ]
That's what he says, eh? It doesn't add up, my goodness.
I swear what he says
Yes, then I get angry because
He tries to strangle me, he throws himself at me and
tries to strangle me and then I
I throw a punch and he trips over the
door is not that I knock it down with a punch
he stumbles is only if what we have
said that perhaps what many people say
let's see if
Edwin dismembered himself
I know you find it funny but
what has been declared yes yes no no
but they say that the police are like me
two
options Daniel Sancho has passed
completely disregarding the advice of his
lawyers and has declared what has given him
the desire or the lawyers have made a
terrible job or so Those are the two
options for me because it is that it is that it is not
block for nothing is not a is not a
credible story is a person with whom
I have been traveling for a year and a half now
public records on their social networks
of trips that the two of you have made, that is, you
you don't travel with a person you don't stay
with a person in Thailand and he/she picks you up
a romantic room in advance
Hey, where are you going to meet him? And from
suddenly you find yourself there with a
aggressive person who wants to rape you
that at the slightest thing he grabs you by the neck is
that there is no way to grasp that word
What you just said Javi is fair
what the police have thought to say that
Daniel knew perfectly well that there was
reserved in vimal bread which is a
room for a romantic couple and
knowing that you are going to have good sex
I don't know what a typical normal couple is like
I knew that at no time did he say No
I don't want to be here for a moment
because I knew that he was with me
which is that what he said all the
contrary to what is real, it is worth putting on
that F was for that I arrive at the bungalow
I'm not going to sit on the bed, I'll show you.
Look, I bought this for the video that
We're going to do what you promised me
that you were going to give me financing and I told you
I teach in the kitchen in the living room I don't
I go sit on the bed with you And it's
that doesn't make sense It's that the
statement itself is totally absurd
but I don't know where to start but it is
which on top of that has nothing to do with it
with what I had declared before no no
the defense mess is that people
He's laughing because I'm not counting.
People are laughing to laugh but
It's that Clara says it like that
the normal lawyer who fell asleep
I would say here my short mother who me
This is a mess, it doesn't make sense.
none [ __ ] really no what to see
The police were laughing, I know that.
because what he told me is that what
You said there is no way to catch it.
as if they were going like a flea
as his lies go on all over the world
sides and there is no way to catch the
It's not true at all because I'm [ __ ] sweaty
I sincerely believe that the trial has been
said if I in T way go here All the
life No seriously if not And now I tell you
one thing one thing how do you pose a
resource based on
that what he has declared in the trial is
that the other financed it now how
you raise because what is the point of it to me now?
the coconuts, the raincoats from the trash
and that gives me
Same sincerely Look at the line of
defense what what he did eh Because it is
My goodness, I really don't know what they're going to do.
raise the
brutal brutal resource is that there are so many
statements that have nothing to do with
see nor as he says he has neither feet nor
head and then yes yes with all the
that lie, believe that what is true
realize that it was without a lawyer that
But if you're telling me to strangulate
I'm going to believe you the other thing if they are telling me
lying that there is a page that
that he said they are going to set up a restaurant
together we read that in Thailand Yes
Yes, yes, he had the idea of setting up a
restaurants in Thailand but then you
He talks about YouTube, which he has been with for 2 years.
the YouTube channel and the channel of
YouTube started in I tell you exactly if
He uploaded six videos, so he's been with us for a year.
The YouTube channel says it's been a year
two years two years of not carrying but he
said that he does in
2018 who knows Edwin and who has traveled
together in Thailand 6 years ago in 2018
and that they are going to open restaurants together
there or whatever but how do they do it for years and it ends
to know or rather a year and a half ago
which the police say no to see
and find yourself a little bit, focus on it, focus on it
or I don't know why the police freaked out
with the lies and he told me that that
boy is a liar says too much
and that he does not remember the lies what
Daniel had said in the first video
May 22, 2022 and the last in
cao his own lie eh that's it
that there is some statement
more than you have read in that half of the
There are many sentences, that is, there are those of
the police What happens is that this way for
to be able to break it down here is that they are super
long but good things for example
interesting Well, when you find
pants and underwear inside
that people were wondering what it was like
It is possible that there is no blood that does not exist
Nothing. Well, when they open the bags
where the clothes are, the clothes bags
They are filled with soap and water and
I put detergent in there and put it all in
washed, that is, everything is in water
with soap and detergent yes
Ah clothes are with soap and detergent
inside the bungalow he would try to
Also clean your clothes as much as possible
possible I imagine he says that the clothes go
that the shirt and pants go
inside one of some bags eh
soaked the phrase is in foamy soap
This is what the statement says with a
foaming soap Yes and the police said that
has done a cleaning in a way
impeccable but of course impeccable but
Then when you put luminol, you see everything.
everything or so and then there was one that calls me
the attention that said the statements
no passport issue that I don't know
nothing I have not taken I have not
I know why the police wanted to
accuse Queen of being as appropriate in
Edwin's document said no but
then this crime is not recognized either
No
but then inside of course and then
inside the bag that had it
found and such and said that good that the
has put inside along with the
piece Yes something like that or rather it's like a
madness Let's see, it's obvious one thing and no
to defend him but he didn't have the same
intention to lose the documentation and
throwing away his things his clothes No that could
strain inside everything I get rid of
body and leave the documentation in the bu
Villa let's see There were clothes Anyway no
and things but clothes you can say
that is yours but the documentation is
assumes that he had never entered the
bu Villa in fact confesses what he has
what to do is going to have a passport there
to normally see the passport you have to
hand it in at the hotel to get in No
here for the
At least there is no point in taking a photo.
of the passport because as they leave it in the
of the motorcycles they always let them
can go with a photograph of the
passport also says it goes with the
photograph
but within the within in fact of
made the
Research says they go to when they see
the bags because there is no ticket in
the bags that has been false That's not that
It's a hoax, there was never a ticket in the
bags apparently they have some
bags with advertising of the
bce this typical bag that says store or
be a store B, not just any of those things
No, of course you know they are from that store.
So they go to the BC and ask him
the cashier who does remember someone who
have bought black bags bags
green tropes and such and the ca says well
There was a tourist boy yesterday around 5
that he took a knife, he took bags
And then with the cameras they pick up
and they discover
Excuse me, see it's Daniel, I mean, come
who is Daniel Then they see the motorcycle and with
the license plate with the license plate discover
which store is it from? They call the store and
They go to the store and pick up the passport
from Dani but when Daniel arrives for
report Edwin they already have him
registered because they already had the passport s
When Dan arrives at night he was already there
more than good he goes at night to the
police station but since morning no
I had already had AC in the morning or at noon
the police have been there about the motorcycles
They had tried to take to the site of
rent but but I was very caught
he was very caught caught since he
they went to the one they went to
They automatically knew it was him because
The girl with the bike had already done it
located, that is, the cameras were looked at
and it had been seen located directly
It was seen that the purchase made is there
Because the products also appeared
two writings all that appeared in the
SpongeBob's tropes dump
Hey, the types of bags, not the garbage bag.
black the white The transparent Fil O
be that all and you have read the page
30 no not arrived
Well, page 30 more or less said that
inside Daniel's cell phone
then they are watching the police
saying that he is dating Erwin
in pangan not in cop and saying that I'm going
come for you, you're waiting for me there and
so they are finding that Daniel
picked up Ervin there at the pier
no and and that in more or less 21 minutes
that took up to 1 hour at the dock
mouth it later when they have already
found more or less as a summary
that he has found a body and such. And
I wanted to know who it was and how it was
I suspected that it is possible that Ervin
because Daniel was supposed to leave
reporting the disappearance of his friend such
so much so that he asked for the
immediate collaboration that already knowing
more or less Who is asking in
Embassy of Colombia to send the
footprints you know that I have that
I have here in the user with which
Of course at first I say, "Oh, but how?"
I knew the clear footprint so quickly
through the Colombian embassy but it is
On August 10th, he sends the imprint of
They send it on August 10th, I send them
I have
Here is the request for DNA from the fingerprints
of asylums yes deen challenge s see if it
I meet you, wait together
I have it for
here and all the evidence
both of the bags the body of Edin the
parts
who dismembered everything has Daniel's DNA
So they have Daniel in their possession.
If my memory serves me right, c is
c Dear the cu and it doesn't come out anymore I mean but
really the C the c when you have Yes but
I have the fingerprints here.
wait if I find it that the report
It's so big, it's all so fast, it's that
Let's see, the issue of fingerprints is more
that nothing because they have to confirm and
That is a test that is always done
confirm man that the remains are
scientifically proven to be of this
way but man as proof and also
DNA is also done on all the
pieces, that is, of all parts of the cuo
is taken
are registered are registered
cameras is his confession or rather it is
knows from the beginning everything about heo la
the clothes, Edwin's clothes, damn, let's see.
a disappearance of a man with this
T-shirt and these shorts and they appear
T-shirt and shorts here taste a bit good
bags that come from this of this
bungalow of no I mean it was practically
very caught I was very caught already you
I say but I have it, I don't know where it is
I have an uncle. I have another summary here.
almost translated eh And and I had to see what
page is No I'm not I'm with another
Ah look here look here is the V footprint
This is the footprint of
gy and what I don't understand is why they
in making fake news saying that there was
as a third person entering there and not
I understand that because what the camera
She had caught that Daniel was coming in with
Erwin and then Daniel came out alone without
Erwin didn't and they wanted to play like that
there were other people that's why one
time the press is there giving
back and such, well you know that always
That happened for example I remember I with
the Marta del Castillo Jose te case
Do you remember the lady and Ah yes she said
that Marta had entered the house at
11 that I had heard no no I am
I'm sure Marta came in at this time
portal or I saw her leave in the portal or the
I saw on the portal Because I also this one
low hour which is the moment when
finish the song of the channel su or rather
There is always the typical witness who, for some reason,
that it is I don't know if it's because he likes it
talk to people or feel part of
something or whatever tells you something
so when that was there it wasn't
official that was the press asking
There were people there who said No no
I saw Daniel here talking.
with a man Maybe she was
asking someone the time you know that
It's not even that, eh? Because the cameras
eh in all truth I know is that Daniel does not
He stops with no one, he stops with those who
you stop at the beach when you when
you read the report about the fingerprints
because it's a report, that is, eh. For
Identify him Thailand issues a warrant
urgent not to know if it is the 10th
August
And then talk to Interpol because there is
Interpol in Thailand and Interpol in
Colombia and then uses the order to
through Interpol let's say that for
make the DNA issue and the issue more agile
from the collection of fingerprints And
then everything is done through Interpol
Colombia and Interpol Thailand for that reason
They arrive so quickly, what are the so many
DNA tests as evidence
and what draws the police's attention
saying to see more or less that he
page 38 which they are clearly preparing with
all table saw tools
knife That is, there are several knives no And
then Claro says in preparing everything
throwing everything away putting all that in
tool inside the bag for
disappear not make everything disappear
that and the police say but of course if you
You had no intention of premeditating.
because they hide all the tools
of murder not that they are as it is as
He hid everything, that is, he says everything about
all the cleaning that I didn't understand that
has done an impeccable cleaning up to
that draws so much attention in the team of
investigation when he arrived in bungalow
He says, but that seems cleaner than
newly opened in bungalow or rather it was
He says that But he said the police told me
that as he entered although he cleaned with
chemicals with all kinds of chemicals that
There he says that as soon as he entered he smelled
super strong but says wrong not the chemical
it smelled like
but here is really the real thing
problem that or that I see for
then file an appeal to
Focus on something is the defense has been
stuck all year even when it started
the judgment from the beginning saying
and look this is my wife saying that
that they had to
to do is to invalidate the first two
statements and stay with the third
statement that is the only valid one
Furthermore, he does it in the presence of no one
but in that statement neither
It is spoken of what he has confessed in the
judgment in that statement and continues with what
We had a relationship for a long time
For about a year I've been trying to cut
That relationship, he doesn't want it, he threatens me.
we stayed in Thailand and when we are
In Thailand, I'll punch him.
because he wants to have that with me, that is
Up to that point they are exactly the same
the first, the second, and the third
only difference between the three
statements It is that in which he makes
kunan which is what they wanted to give for
valid the
defense he says that he buys the
things to do on YouTube video and
who buys things because he doesn't have them
premeditation Yes yes but what is the
base the basis of the relationship with Edwin and
the basis of everything that happens is that
They want to leave the relationship. It's the same.
So how is it possible that you hit yourself?
a whole year even if you start a
judgment based on that And that when
the time has come for the accuser to declare
everything you've been holding on to
during that year he himself has you for
land Yes change Then of course what would he say
Judge, why do we all want them?
Witnesses that you have brought me if you brought me
This witness to tell me This is what happened to me
Yes, yes, he has told you something else. Of course not.
They serve, they contribute nothing, I think.
I think that both the defense and
as your client as as Daniel no no
I know if I would have spoken before or not
said what you have said Or maybe
Daniel wants to go out for his own
way No, I have no idea, the truth is that
It is very interesting because it is clear that
Daniel is saying it in his own way.
that they feel like it or have done it
whatever Daniel or the defense wants
It is so, it is that there is no more, it does not have
sense no no no normally you
you meet with your lawyers I understand that
The best thing you haven't met with the mustache
but you have met with the good trade
the one of office, the one of office that is ending
Clo will have met with the official
that will have followed some instructions or
The best thing is that not even that
Fido but what you say Jose that that
They are going to appeal, that's what I'm saying.
what the appeal is going to be based on
now there is nothing to do
because everything is already there, it is very clear
that a new report must be made
because the report of balfagon chipi ras
It was based on sexual abuse because it
He was just finishing up and such. And everything he bought.
But now what are you going to do because the
The child has thrown everything to the ground. Yes, but
Of course, let's see, a resource is that you, eh?
you can continue fighting something that has not happened
taken into account, hey, sorry, but it's that
Look, in this test there is quite a bit left
proven eh that Win was not in the
island I don't know and you haven't had it in
account okay But what are you going to do now
Trying this one hasn't turned out well for me
defense Well look, I'm going to put others
excuses is that resources don't work like that
It's not like, well, look at another one now.
thing another color No man has to
follow the same line of defense as
I had been there from the beginning, yes, but of course
He already said it from the beginning with
which is very difficult to get out of
La of course he said he had the reaction
sexual and that was a year and I don't know
how many months huh And then the police
He said how many times to deepen a
little says three or four times
because Ervin has come to Spain or tod
those things then the police say
so at no time do you feel
uncomfortable with him says no because as already
I had the reactions, I didn't feel any
nothing uncomfortable now of course can't say
that now they are harassing me
just when the police say why
what now he has said that he is you
harassing while you allowed
I had an editorial office for a year and
peak and he didn't accuse you But what
It just so happens that I was stalking you now
No, then there is something that is clear.
suddenly So it seems that this is already
They dropped the co-accusation with their
Do you remember what they said in the co?
accusation as Daniel declared there was no
no relationship with Edwin Beyond
the economic one and that I had no idea that
wanted reales they told him in the
accusation So it is true because the
sentence also includes it but it is
What I'm telling you is that I don't know what
line of defense I don't know if this
kid got there or it was not understood
with that they are going to appeal eh is that no
There is no explanation, no matter how far he got there.
He said, I'm going to say the first thing that comes to mind.
It happens and that's it, man, here I am.
I have my doubts that they are going to
file an appeal, eh, I mean, I see it
in appeal if they are going to if they are going to present
I think they are going to be the same but for
which will not be of any interest
on their part on the part of the
police neither by the prosecutor's office nor by
part of the judges because they are going to do
always as if
putting garbage in because I didn't have any
no reason if I have some WhatsApp that
They are on Daniel's cell phone on his cell phone
of Daniel not in the dewin because the dewin
What appeared
It says a lot I have to love you for
make this crossing and the other calls them
Chiqui and Chiqui up and Chiqui down
I have to love you so much, how handsome
you are eh And now you jump and say that the
the only relationship you had with this
person was economic and you get there
You sit on the bed and say, Look.
I'm going downstairs to record some videos.
you have to leave money and such and he tells you
No, I don't want to help you.
economically what I want is
sex with you, that is, you've been together for a year
knowing and you have gone to Thailand to
to tell you that and right there and right there
police said I think page back he said
at that moment with what he says what you
you have not told what Daniel said so
so so that on an economic issue that t
then the police the police said
Of course, the victim cannot defend himself.
at that moment the victim cannot
defending yourself means that your stupidity
what you have invented but that the
part of the police does not believe him because
It seems that she is already caught too close to the eye
When they try to strangle you, they remain
marks on the neck and I think it's the
only place where they haven't taken photos H
Which is why it has taken him directly to
hospital one to do a Garca Monte
Garca Monte would have made a monument
Yes, if I had had some marks on the
neck would have had a little bit of
fight if he had gotten a brand
in the neck Garca Monte already gives for
win trial before Thailand good
good good good good but I would have
had more matches if he has some marks
in the neck still within what
there would have given a little more
a match not that I would have won but oh well
Maybe Oye could have had a fight
a little more but of course I didn't have
the thing is
the thing
Of course, the cut, yes, the cut that
says he did it first says he did it
He did it by operating Coco and then the rock of
pull but no no and on top of that
I don't know if we've been seeing Garcia.
Montes all this year talking about the cut
that Daniel Sancho has on his back and
Daniel makes no reference to it in his
statement to be made by the p nothing
because why not because when he did
when I was there I checked in
In general, the hospital had nothing like that.
What he did, you know, scratching my head that
I know for a fact that he has it, I think he knows it
does it when I think it is done
when he goes with the backpack of the panan to the
bug vill who goes without a shirt Exactly with
the strap but it doesn't matter what
I mean if I had had
marks on the neck had no sign no
had signs of fighting for nothing
which but now that I ask myself is
What that
What What resource What resource can you
present yourself
if you have based the defense on a
thing and your client has arrived
sitting has sat in front of the
court and has declared that he has nothing
to do with what Judge Yo declared
I think the judge would say, Hey, you're not here.
translating well or this is new either
This is new, no, this story is new.
stop as they say no that we have the
try a test that they go when Daniel
speak when Daniel speaks tell your
true the truth Daniel the no that no in
Serious
I told him out of the room someday
you will know the truth when he said that to a
the one with whom she went on Ana's show
Rosa no that he arrived by phone some
Say you know the whole truth, damn it. Well now
We are looking at what you have stated.
In court this was the truth that
You were going to tell the tremendous truth.
tremendous And what did you like the most?
Now that above all I know what it is about
as many cases as is usually carried out in
Spain this type of matter or has you
surprised Thailand for the better
Let's see, I have missed things in
Thailand that are made here in Spain and
They are not made in Thailand but I have
liked the cameras in Thailand, dude
The cameras issue is that it is the host
that solved a case for you is that
simply with the report of the
cameras have already solved half the case I
I imagine, imagine the case of Marta del
Castle with all engraved wow Who
That afternoon he entered the house who
came in Who came out Who didn't come out although
Marta could not see who came in and who left
at what time at what time they came for what
Within hours the case would be resolved.
Camera issue I understand too I don't know
yours yes yes all of Thailand is like that with
camera or is it because it is a very bad place
for many years now, yes in rural areas in the village
tiny and all Although not although not
there is a lot on the street but normally
there is a lot too the whole house all the
house They are super used to it, they already have it
As Big Brother he loves to record yes
They are recording even while eating dinner
They're already having breakfast, the Thais.
They are already as you get up first place
the camera was walking brushing the
teeth wearing all recording is like
already something in their life or so
something
already or in the case of Castillo if you
you realize that we are not here either
nor are we 30 years ago
going back 14 2009 and we have nothing
nothing we have absolutely nothing nor
where they walked at night or by
where they were in the afternoon or at what time
came in or what time did he come out today
we would have had Maybe a little more
Yes, I think I would love it in Spain.
that there is a camera Because it is for the
security citizens that truth or the
girls went alone or go alone at night
and can who wants to harass or not for what
least she can have the proof because
if it does not say in your word against another no
So if you have the proof the camera
At least the data thing is great.
Absurd many times Look at me in the
old apartment it was voted whether to put a camera
Just think, putting cameras on a
portal is not for monitoring anyone
See, I understand that you are not going to put on
to do triqui triqui in the portal or rather and
apart Even if you did the tricky thing
tricki in the portal the cameras are not
They check if there is no altercation
okay because the cameras are recorded
I don't know if it's three days and they fade away.
over the top of the other Well then the
neighbors voted no for the law of
data protection and privacy and not
Cameras were put in place for example in that
then in that portal because the
neighbors did not agree that I
I was like this, I say I don't understand but Ho d
The cameras cannot record the street
They only have to record the ex portal
Yes, but when things like this happen
similar things happen once
rape harassment or or or what is
happening with Daniel maybe not that one
murder or whatever if there is a camera
It is very, very safe for many people
This is where there would be cameras everywhere
Look at the czar lvaro Prieto I think
that criminals do not like what they do
the camera, normal people like us
since we do not commit any crime
clear
laar dan Oy como Dani no lvaro Prieto
Jos we dealt with it a lot You and I
I will never forget that one either
night that I was
There you were from here
[Music]
covering him Sancho is the one
restaurant that we thought was
They eating at first It turns out to be
that they pass by outside eh when they go in
the motorcycle has two or three cameras that are
also business that would be here
impossible you wouldn't have looked at me.
home that I am here my home as long as
In Thailand like Spain I have the
camera in Spain I have the camera
inside Every place or even for
They record my dog to see how she is or
be this the camera I have the camera out
I have the camera out that jumps if another
presence of someone, that is, I see that
It is quite a security being
regulated d is the problem or is
being regulated is that for example,
that no one can publish a video on the
that you are So no one
can publish a video unless it is
of extreme necessity a case like this a case
You know of a robbery that you have to
take the video to the police but not
nothing is published or I don't see it
inconvenient but they are good things that
I have seen in Thailand then bad for
example that they have believed the version of the
murder of Daniel yues hes carried out a
criminalist a criminologist would have
made a clear study also what
It happens that it is not like in Spain in Spain
as there is a private prosecution and
Normally those reports from part of it
They usually ask the private prosecution for a
criminologist a
criminalist who does all that stuff
to be analyzed For example if
what he says squares with death
because maybe Daniel Sancho didn't kill
awin challenges as he says he killed him and
In the end, the police have been left with that one
version not with the blow to the head
Hey, a criminologist and a criminalist who
analyze the crime scene for stains
of blood on clothes and all this issue
They would surely have taken out another TR theory
very different and that is what I miss
But of course, here in Spain you
you start thinking and normally that kind of
report Although it is true that the guard
civil judicial police for example
They usually have criminalists who make them
but normally that type of reports are
they act on behalf, not on behalf
H if they don't give it to you, it's not either.
like something that goes through a procedure
official no no but it is very interesting
For example, you take the crime of al
mount and you see the report of the part done
By Juan, what does a criminalist tell you?
How they died explains to you according to the
blood stains and all How was it
murder not in this case we do not
We have that explanation, we are left with
simply and plainly with the version of
Daniel is that
which is very different no
and important is the basis that people
sometimes he says don't cook them, you cook them
you cook but the base is important
all that comes from the police, that is, the
Police is what one more O is O is
that being a pretty protagonist
important I give police report no
police report and then the prosecutor's office
but so that you can see that between the prosecutor and
police is like a couple or a
marriage they always go together yes
They tell the police that if he doesn't have one, the prosecutor
No doubt because they will always do it.
same word as police So that's it
as it has tremendous strength there By
which if a police report is
well done then mass is over or else
It means that it is very difficult for the prosecutor
prosecutor's office or judges who have doubts
in police work in Thailand eh
It is very difficult if one is the police officer
more or less as if they were the judges
It means but of course they don't take
decision no does not dictate sentence but everything
that is the basis of police work but
I believe in Thailand no matter what
you die or at a given moment like the
He killed, he didn't care
ex that's dead and that's it but he doesn't care at all
Why he died What cause he died and
why you don't care
motivation nothing and you also have to have
keep in mind that he is a victim who dies
in another country where n to his family and this
The prosecution is defending him, not him.
The public prosecutor's office is the one that is
defending the accusation, you clearly don't have
to the family back there when it is
something that happens in your country you want it not to
Well, it also helps there, of course.
In fact when I was because
that I am reading with the book that I am
writing and you see for example the order
Dani Sancho's arrest is not there.
mark the police can mark if the
opposing party requests that it be left
be released on bail if they object or do not
They oppose no and they mark that they oppose
because he does not have a fixed residence
there is a high probability of escape
then the police but even if they have
fixed residence no nooo in this case dat
He says that they tried to get him to leave
on bail eh Let's see you but yes
Imagine if that had been a
Thai citizen going to the
police station To what extent can they have
held someone in that Good in that
moment when I was very caught up I was
very caught uncle is very caught is the
important point because if it is not very
caught with the evidence with which he didn't
It's okay but I was very caught of course
well you are capable somewhere it is not it is
possible but as the test and the
cameras and everything is already tied up
tied up because if it is not possible it is that
has the possibility of
You know the same Miguel himself
carcao at the moment he confesses is
arrested. The only thing I say is that I
I imagine they are going to send the sentence
translated if not into Spanish at least
I imagine that Thailand is English
It will be translated but like the trinity. So
Let them go looking for each other but I'm talking about
all parts eh Not just the
defense that someone goes looking for
Thai because it is complicated to
understand yes because let's see Thailand is a
little complicated of you when
They write in Spanish has a comma and has
point to separate it but in Thailand
we don't speak a whole sentence until
finish a page or you pause
when you let yourself breathe you need
breathe take a breath and read again or
be we don't have no and not only that is expected
that gives you proven facts as a foundation
from the sentence not peeing realize this
your yupa wait he doesn't put it on you yes it is
how complicated is a whole sentence
long or that is what we eat but
very little we do not use commas for the
number when you change the subject Yes when
you change the subject Yes there are points or so I
I have seen the separate points, there are some but
comma continue as there is period continue that no
no no there is no stop
nothing yes as I get into the language it's a little
delicate there is to be
know peculiar point Apart yes but
we do not mark as in Spanish in Spanish
it's more of a change of subject, the change of subject
sea is another point because a change of
The theme of El Salto, but it's true, it's true, no
It has neither comma nor period, all declamation
question mark No yes that yes but comma
uses a lot for numbers to
mark if it is 100000 or 1000 or a million
So by the points by the comma it
we know but translators become
crazy with numbers the translators
return Loc
man, what are the numbers, man, everything
in general everything that is Translate from
Thai is an Odyssey eh or
sea and Ah yes when when trun said in
torso do you remember the word torso Ugh it is
It is also complicated because it is clear if
They translate as much as a bull, it is true
truth in the sentence list
the word torso appears but LL tuyupa
I say that the torso appears again but
Of course your friend explained it to me and in the
context in which it is exposed is not
that means torso but that means
which is the upper part of the arms as
the upper limbs were those that
They belong to the trunk, you understand me, but
Of course you read it as is and you put yourself
thorax O tors yes it is a little delicate
then there is a lot of confusion there
I'm sure Herita is going to talk about it
TX that there are 13000
viewers right now
how do you see it as a [ __ ]?
Mother is fine. She doesn't look. Greetings, greetings.
To all of you who are not going here yet
We are chatting, we are going to read, we are going to
read it let's read it to see what you think
I would love to know them too What
What do they think about the sentence? What do they think about the sentence?
I don't know what Daniel's statements are or what?
They also give their opinion to see what
says it is a very interesting opinion of
They as public eh total in the end it
that are surprises as such or some data
So we wouldn't have the surprise for
I am the lies as far as I go
as far as I'm going there's still a long way to go
because I have to see the whole part
the part of the statements and others
but nothing more than the declaration yes
but there are many who are accusing O
the final page is very strong
accusing the police that he has lied that
so that cu Of course but it didn't fit that the
police that only the statement of
Daniel is already a bombshell, man, if he is that
only Daniel's statement in the
judged in the trial for me is a
bombshell I mean I'm missing a lot of sentence
I still have 20 pages left and
then once everything is translated
read it well and understand it because I don't
there has been time but it is only his
Your statement is already a hit.
I still want to see the autopsy topic.
the forensic experts declared because that is not the case
I have arrived and I imagine that if he comes No
Teupa, I haven't arrived yet and I'm very interested.
see what the real forensics declared
they accepted that they did not accept let's see what
page if I can see that part yet
I haven't arrived so I have to
see it and analyze it but that's what I'm talking about
parts that have to be
interesting there are many pages to see yes
but more or less what he said there are two
forensic experts not one a woman and yes And also
a man and said that yes he has broken up
one as if there are two separated from the
break from the back
I mean, but they say because there is a coup
but they are saying that suddenly what
They are butting heads that it is not a
you see how repetitive it is that a lot of
sometimes yes yes yes as with
intention has said that clear as that has
destroyed that one of the eyes and everything
yes the eyes and everything We have arrived I
I have also arrived unable to read because
I haven't seen it yet but of course they are
several hits you a new surprise no
Jose No, he says that it depends on the good thing.
Your Mario, now I don't know anything.
but he says he crushes it several times yes
yes yes the crushed heads Yes but
For example, Garca Montes said
that they had said that was all after
death the blows of I want to see
I want to see what the sentence says
before death before and then there is a
There is a loud bang, I don't remember now
what page because there are so many said
also confirmed in forensics that there was
before death that pair I did not arrive
still be interesting What does it mean
that he hit and hit and
He hit but without mercy before the
death obviously not for that reason why the
first page When he entered when
We entered and he said that he had killed with the
force with the blow of his own strength
because he has done so not in the la
forensic what he says
Dec because it was said that parents
they might not be the way I see it
understood Rodolfo does not declare because the
The judge asks him what he is going to declare and he
He says that what his son told him and
then the judge says Okay then for
tell me what your son has said
Let your son tell it, that was it
last few days is more or less what I
I heard in his day that he could be
present there but did not allow him
Clare nothing was present Yes let's see
Well, what else, let's read something.
I'm missing half a sentence, I'm going for it
page 27 I'm missing 20
pages Yes, but it is a very clear case
eh, I mean, there's no way suddenly there's a
witness that you say eh And what he said
Here we also have tomorrow's premieres
the three episodes of the case
Sancho on HBO so there will be at night
to review that, we already have work to do. Look
at least the three of them have put it
followed because I said [ __ ] like this
do the business How was the business
Partner eh Who was it with what series was it
with which they made one published
every month that Claro you say host is
that you pay the monthly fee Maybe
that he is paying it only to stop
This is exactly what you are going to pay for.
monthly payment you are going to pay the monthly payment
next month and you're going to pay the other one
but well if they publish the three tomorrow
of blows I think so, I don't know, let's go
Look what catches the eye on the page.
38 eh said that he said
that he already declared not the principle that
in had and recognized that he had a relationship
sexual yes before relationship that say that that
long time before that with which it
that the police don't understand says then
Why do they now say no to you?
sexually accusing if you have had
You know how he recognized me, Fran tells me
important I don't understand how they haven't
brought to your yupa on TV everything that
said the first day has been
compliment me better than not because I don't
like the
bleachers everything that but there would be
been good at debating is that there has been
nonsense on TV. How good we will see
Let's see tomorrow when we won't see, let's see
Tomorrow we'll see what they translate.
tomorrow what you translate from the sentence
I see this as I see it through T cco. Let's see what we
tell well well what we have talked about
Before before the good of this you know
The good thing about this is that with the instructions
what they are going to do and with everything that is going to happen
Going out will give you access to another video of
that thing you did
listen J est Cos listen Look says the
Police said that in Daniel Sancho said
who has had sexual relations with
in advance and acknowledged with the gentleman
Edwin Arrieta but now he has changed
version saying that in Ervin Arieta he
forced to have a sexual relationship
which Mr. Daniel Sancho said in what
contrary lying about the victim By
which in police statements
He said he has said all that for
discredit against the victim.
which has no weight means that the
Daniel's word is not believed by the police
Here it is said it has no weight, I tell you
what they are going to say tomorrow tomorrow they are going to say
say that Daniel has said what about the
fellatio and that
fellatio that's going to be clear that's going to be
count as a fact Well, we'll see
If they do not give it as a proven fact of the
sentence because the sentence is like p
the page is the same as the translation for them
I have tried a Venezuelan who tells you that
he had to pay him, he paid him
I don't have enough money, right? No, I don't.
It's the sun that people are looking at
Venezuelans who pay for their speech
HBO's morning show What would it be at 12 o'clock?
at night or at night, I have no idea.
I have no idea, I imagine they will be able to do it in the morning.
Look, we have little things that
comment still then because that goes
to be Uf yes the first chapter and now
They're going to put me has to read No No no
now they are going to put three
j zero when you can see the page
35 is that I don't have it here because it has
that what to read tomorrow is important that I say
No no I'm going to do the whole thing I'm going to
read the entire sentence if you are
talking about what hit Edwin, that fell
what he said with pain in his head against
in
I washed and Daniel entered to do not like
that there he threw there at the victim and then
of the victim launched to bite his arm of
left completely and then they start and one
fight tanan that's what who said okay And
then he says that in the autopsy they are
saying that he has bones behind him here
completely broken in the first and the
second is like the first second Yes yes
but no no but that's what I'm saying that's what I'm saying
we translated it when the when the
forensic refers to that
cut the neck between the first and the
second vertebra is where it produces the
decap no no when he amputates the head he is
cut between the first and second
vertebra Ah here here he said they say that it is
not says in aop you notice that in Daniel
He took the victim's head and strained it
several times against the ababo against
very hard things exactly that tuup
Now he does say against such hard things
He surely says that against the washbasin
several times and very strongly that was going to happen to you
I was going to ask you, but I was afraid
after the coroner testifies
topic of the various blows to the judge
take it and say we consider that there was what they give
not because it has been proven, no. That is, it is said that yes
that there were several blows that are not one
fall Ah no no no they say that many by
in the autopsy that his head was loose or
I am completely entitled to that, that is not
I have arrived Then I don't put it to you but
Listen to me, it's the headline, eh, because of course
We are no longer talking about a fall
not even a fall with a punch nor
fall no that slipped several times yes with
intention has said with intention with
several times and very strongly, that's why
the homicide was also impossible
malicious as it could not be minimal
wilful homicide if there was intent to
kill him, that is, we had Garca
Montte saying that this is Garca Montes
done a lot of stupid things dude let's see and and
then he said No because I get mad at him
him because he forced me to perform fellatio
then the police say let's see
How are they going to force you if you already had
relationship with him for which reason Where is he
that you already knew what they were going to do
have But say of course that she is
hitting hitting cabbage pecking the head
several times against hard things too
I tell you one thing, he didn't jump on me, eh?
that is, if we didn't have all the purchases
so shameless that he previously made the
the fact that he killed him with a punch
vari or taking the head and giving it like this
eh, you don't see that he is an aggressive guy
who suddenly fights with you in the
taxi queue and reacts the same
momenta murder But it would be homicide
It would be aggravated homicide, it would be murder
because when you kill with the intention of
kill, that is, when you commit an aggression
With the intention of killing is murder, that is, me
I can hit you with a blow and kill you without
love but if I hit you 20 times
against the edge of a sink I know that
I'm going to kill you
be death too It is not clear it would be
Murder is not manslaughter
It would be the death penalty too no no yes no
there is premeditation unless you can
prove cruelty
It would be a maximum penalty, a maximum sentence of imprisonment
life 1525 life sentence in the
Thai code is worth murder
when we talk about the death penalty and
I almost see them as perpetual
the difference that death is
as
There are two articles 288 and 289.
288 speaks of intentional homicide, that is,
homicide what is here murder is
It is punishable by 15 years, 25 years or even by imprisonment.
perpetual and then if you add premeditation
either cruelty or you kill a person
a police officer and a prosecutor publish in
exercise of their functions or something like that already
It would be the death penalty, that's what it is
change death penalty So if the
This boy would have connected three
neurons and would have made a purchase in
food conditions meat and things by
The style is [ __ ] It's that look here it says
That's very interesting data, he says.
that clearly has broken here not of how the
break behind and they say it comes back
say the same thing as in Daniel
I hit Edwin with the intention of killing and
that and that he finishes because he has intention
by hitting it so many times until it has broken
that whole area or rather and it had everything
the front is full of how and how it is
bruises and says that's before
die or so he had all the conp the
head before dying or before
mor created everything and everything and I said and said and and
says that in the accused in Daniel had
intent to kill and had intent
as if I were going to finish you off
kill and I'm going to make you die
as if saying that it's over. So no
intends to
help her, what the hell are you going to call an ambulance for?
note had made it very clear because
as he says if he has fallen and says Ay Ha
fainted and says I have to call pending
Help help Hello
and take and take and take We would have to see without
to dismember the Cabral no longer with blood
but very strong that he says he cut
the doll so that it would come out more
blood so that there is not too much blood and
How do you know it is that the first thing that
short are the hands for bleeding
That is, to release all the blood through
the
hands dismemberment and then the
head something of the eye your yupa of the eyes
still not said anything but they are
saying a lot about the head and
who has a collapsed eye
has and that Daniel had
intent to kill with intent to
That's why there is an accusation of a
person can do that
Hey
pu no but yes very strange from the
beginning first minute said that he has
brought Ervin to assassinate him to finish
in his life is that
He said clearly and now how are they going to dismantle
Well he says I didn't bring him, I had a plan
to kill here in Thailand because of
that it is and how it is in Thailand
just as for what reason he doesn't care
but the reason is important for them
judges to judge you is they have killed one
person also with premeditation Why
Because you have already prepared a plan for yourself.
already
you had tools that you had bought
a day before, I mean, I had everything planned
prepared and then and then when it has already
killed, he hits again so that he dies
before I didn't even have time to
ask for help or anything, it's like a
after another, that is, as a premeditation, one
after another is that no one can escape
nowhere no It is also clear whether the
autopsy is very clear already taught 20
times the autopsy analyses and in the
trial was said to be ant morte was
then the Garca Monter that came out
saying that this was after the
death That's why I say I don't know
Exactly what appeal are they going to file?
I don't know, I'm missing half a sentence.
missing half sentence I want to take the
part of the autopsy to see if
if it supports something that they
they grabbed the topic
from here they say that they have used
knives to kill but but for the
bones and cut off the head and all that have
used the HM sierra because no no
could cut through bones easily By
which using a knife
small squares to cut into
bones the axe that he an axe of them
In the autopsy So what are you telling me that?
that I know they would like to grab each other by
example something that a wound was
before death or not, as Garcia said
Mount that all the wounds he had in
the face was before death no and and and what
I mean that the accident that
It was just a blow to the head But
snap
making it clear that we should not cling to that
various blows
knife saw blows or so here they say
a knife closes to cut
the bones or rather my mother with intention
and then hiding all those
tools says that clear for them
It is not a premeditation, one not two three
and four or so are looking with
premeditation and another premeditation and
another premeditation for a lot of
reasons or so no
One Joseph in the statement of Daniel
The sentence is reflected as if
asked incriminating questions
when he is tence at least
as far as I've come no there isn't
someone who is refuting things with you
who says like, Hey, why isn't it like
It is what the sentence does
It's like collecting the testimony that is left behind
I mean, he tells you, it's like telling you, right?
how to say what he said No no what
his statement is not is not asked the
prosecutor the questions of this said
This is not just the testimony
of the accused, that is, he picks you up
testimony I arrived in Thailand or the
The accused arrived in Thailand and said that
that I was going to record some videos and such
He is telling the story in the third person. That is, no
He doesn't tell you about it in the first person either.
So no, you're not talking about I have many.
then you want them to leak
videos of the game So why me
love it Well I also tell you it's in
Thailand and that's going to be the that's going to be
very complicated but let him tell you
a silly thing for example and have either
to the game to the prosecutor by making him a
question you know that I believe the only thing that
can claim is that the producers have
made a dick one day Here it is saying
Well more or less here it is saying
also that in how using and
after he had been killed and quartered in
had cleaned the Sierra with a knife in
the boards in various knives like the
leave it there in a bag and then house it
the throw it says Sure but the police
says if you have no intentions
expert opinion why he hides why
They withdraw why they host why they do it
disappear says for what other expertise
not from you and then also cleaning
room cleaning bathroom
cleaning the whole area says if you don't
You intend to have an appraisal. Why?
cleaning so that no one catches
what you had done all that and then
He said, "Well, besides, it's that I am."
quoted because it's like he forces me
to perform fellatio and the police say
let's see, let's see in your word
as if to say that he invented you
He says more or less that he is
inventing a lot of things that
no, that they don't fit me, that I don't like you
way of speaking because they are not
lying about something that has no weight
that has neither head nor foot says no
There is no one who has killed me because of course I
They force us to do enation but that is what it is
who testified but the police say that
Look, you're not going there because there isn't one.
Whoever believes you does not fit in there.
People are putting a lot on Twitter today
clip like that of Rodolfo I understand I don't know if
It will be from the first episode but I'm going I'm going to
press Play with your permission because
maybe it's like some tser who
have published what comes out tomorrow yes
This is tomorrow This is tomorrow
It's tomorrow, it's tomorrow, yes, it is
in the morning he says he is devastated
It's not tomorrow's I think Dale, we're leaving
piss you off And when was that from the
Gracin I imagine they recorded everything
followed I don't know no no what do I say yes
we are going to get pissed off with what we are going to
listen I listen to just one part
who says I'm devastated in this
moment I'm devastated something like that Dale
come on let's get to it remind you of
everyone please press the button
like It is very important for the
directly position that we are the
three live on Twitter on YouTube and
in the B below the house it is worth it for you
you go through all the channels through which
three channels and that you give them a like and you
subscribe to the three channels as much as possible
my private
are my most emotions
staff Yes
Of course, but I say this applies to
any human being understands not in
whatever situation you are in
that I have suffered at times Of course I
I have been saddened at times of course
that the situation is not the best
world of course the worst has
a lot this this is from the first chapter
This is not new then No that is not
the new That is from the first chapter
There are worse ones, it's the first chapter yes of the
First then I explained it. Hey, look, no.
It has nothing to do with arrogance and
I am the arrogance in this that you
I'm telling you I was in a was
blocking non-emotions controlling
Of course I understand that the la in
the chapters that are going to be published now or
whatever Rodolfo's part is already
here in this interview I would already be
published in the first and whatever comes out
Rodolf Serag, if he was new, I don't know.
site that I have seen say I am
destroyed is the same place to I don't know what
The images in Copan are coming out now.
I don't know I don't know we'll see from now on
tomorrow I have no idea I have seen the
trailer is the trailer you want me to
pass the trailer if you have it
You have it on YouTube, wait, I think so.
I'll give it a go. Let's see.
wait for it
HB I saw it the other day, let's go.
Sancho case trailer 4 months ago no
[Music]
Ah there you have it, the first one that comes out
13 days ago no No
wait but how many chapters are there or
Now yes, 13 days ago, well, it comes out for you.
pass or I'll prick it for you
Eh yes, I can't do it. Wait for this one.
It's the trailer for It's coming out now, it's coming out now
It comes out, it comes out, you put it in, you put it in, yes
the
I have but that's for tomorrow yes it is it is
Damn, this is new, yeah, 13 days ago, dude.
I hadn't heard about this, you, I was
very aware that Daniel Sancho was
whose son he was and
that Ramn covers what he has
interviewed several times with the man
that always comes out
door
[Applause]
tremendous sua
He made a confession on August 5.
which is
immola there is a certain element of this
man is the one we were also
talking the other day that it's going well
medication to the extent that he has
bought some tools for
get rid of the corpse He told me I'm leaving
to go to Thailand with some friends from
Spain it occurred to me to search in the
Daniel Sancho's Instagram that you know about
my brother the poor darlin who must have
had to repeat the same thing eh That's why
I also understand that it has to be
painful again and again
From here I want to send lots of hugs
lots of kisses, lots of support for her
family does not us
go no Ah go
If he disappeared, we are very worried about him.
he he was very upset it happened
I'm sorry about this I'm sorry crying
crying he talks about threats to him and his
family I feel like he's saying
truth fight or premeditation This is the
question without
doubt I'm destroyed right now
true but notice one thing notice one thing
Look, there's something he's saying there.
Ramn covers that he has interviewed with
several times inside the prison he
He talks about threats to his family
such but then in the trial he said the same
contrary Ah this man is the one who has
entered for interviews several times
Boat
Go Raael Ramn Rafael I see him in
YouTube eh on YouTube where they put their clicks
suddenly But it is
TRUE
esf
you have quality You think it will be
I think it's already fallen, it's already started
drying question will be do you think it will remove
the bias Then that would be another question
but you think it's going to be cut off
It's no longer valid, it started biased, now it's time to
see how it ends now but let's see it was one
interview Rodolfo was Rodolfo talking
Rodolfo is no other thing than a
TR Cry documentary was sold to us
so eh Yes but I mean the first one
good chapter Rodolfo a dry that you
He also shits just before starting the
judgment so that everyone would have the
freshly and well whitened
clean you tell me do you think it is
will remove the bias now because I don't know
It's that it started biased but let's get to that point now
Yes. Well, it would be a shame because it is very
well produced has many
possibilities to see partner is there is one
page that I would love I would love
read in tha and let's see a little it says
on page
34 is that I am very interested, they say that
see says that after when it was you
Do you remember that Dar called for you to
[Music]
co-accusation has not been able to prove
because of course they are not there and the
victim was not there because
dead
doctor
laora does what's her name is the
autopsy
autopsy So the doctor confirmed
the autopsy of a computer x-ray is not
is from the
head
and c C
What is the name of that area that I don't know?
separated occipital spain or queene
a muu
cont
muo says what about what they are doing
The death was confirmed by the autopsy.
that in another monkey that also is
yi
They say that the head is broken and that it is in
there is one
the eyebrow on the right or completely
What's it called
that says that the eyes completely
smashed bruises or rather it's like a
papache no pape I mean
And also inside the head they are
full of heart attack, that is, that is it
antta or mother
mine
[Music]
strong vine
that
complete that more or
less aops is confirmed that there are two
doctors there is not one there are two and both
and they get the same thing with How is it?
conclusion not in the same way as with
head with one thing
so hard is it possible that it says that
It can be on the ground with the ground
Oh, and that's good. More or less as they say.
Daniel said again saying
that I didn't want sex with Tantan, that's it
their excuse although they say that for the
police and for the prosecutor's office that does not have
weight for nothing with acting what it is
made it so that it is not to do those things and
knowing that he recognized it at first
that he had a sexual relationship, no, no, one
madness That
Daniel and that his head fell and he returned
like hitting until it stayed
unconscious
you know how as of
unconscious was
an anathologist or something like that was a forensic one
another is for an anatomical pathologist something like that
I think it was called I think not
explain how when all that happened
when he declared the police Everything is
very cool he didn't have yet like
stage makeup did not yet have
plan not to lie is min for which
is counting things almost all that
has happened exactly as it is no
And so they are talking about it again
the broken occipital head blow
bruises or other
again saying that Run Ren is like
that Run Ren is like using a
word like very strong not a very strong blow
aggressive very aggressive very
strong and after that there was it
that I thought I would no longer know in the
resource waiting only one hour and
then they start to skimp. I mean,
It seems very heavy, it's an hour and then
an hour it is possible that he was still
I live because I could be unconscious once
question or is this this this
topic information
eh the skull no and and these blows and so on
This information is being found out
Garcia Monte and all these people who say
They are finding out that they are going to appeal
right now at the same time as us or
They already have it forever, that's why
We had it before too Yes in
summary also said yes but the
trial has been left Hey this is not
but they do not want to recognize the
defense no Claro but in his Mario said
exactly I don't want to understand find one
justification for them to leave through the
ladder saying man this is going to
resort to of course, of course, I say to
The best thing is that they are finding out
right now of
This wouldn't surprise me if they hadn't been read
Summary: Yes, it is very likely, I believe it.
I don't know if they have read the summary.
I'm sure not because then
They say that because amniotic fluid
dur mother entered by
I want to remind you that Garcia mon dec
that could fit perfectly into a
Murta no what September we are going to have in
the
Lalal Street, Queer Madrid
Serrano the lawyer himself had not
understood the 8 years minimum and
ter or rather he said man let's see what if
we got a 12-year sentence
Well, in 4 years Spain is here.
saying very things
Clara Dani is buying everything because
I had already found not as saying in
all the tools in knife in the
table on the saw plastic bag
dolphin paper bag bag of such se
There was Mont in 204 bags bags says that
to prepare for the murder he had her there
prepared no that Ah I have not gotten angry with
He and I punched him and he didn't
I had everything bought ready for that
murder with which he says that there is that
see what resource they have because the only thing
What they may want is for the coroner to be that
from the part that they took but it is that
That one there is worthless, I mean
unless you are Thai it is not worth it
absolutely n cl is that he already has everything
tied has everything premeditated and prepared
everything is very difficult now the defense
the line of defense for Why not
They sought a Thai coroner from
that would have been worth at least to them
as a witness is that the coroner who was
from Spain he is not valid as a coroner there
Maybe not, but it's no good. Of course not.
can stop to have expert has to
finish the race in Thailand
They hired a forensic scientist in Thailand
Part is that I don't understand why not
They hired people here because they didn't
arrogance of the West they believe that
anything goes they think they know
more than anyone they believe that the word
of them as if they could deceive you.
judges we will see now also the
audios Jos the audios now we have to
see the resource that will also come out
will filter we will read it and we will have to see the
resource that will also be a show is that
I have my doubts, really, it's not
I think they are going to present it, I want it.
I think they are not going to present it But
Who is going to do it, Montes or Balfagn and
chipil because I want to see that one
resource Well I hit myself, I hit myself all over
the trial waiting to see the statement
of balfagon
how useless for
resort we are right now in one
a point in the case not to be appealed
shorten more by not resorting they will resort
That's clear to me that these people are going to
resort here says very clearly eh what
It was very clear to them that she was not
can escape because he said that
premeditation because he had bought everything
has everything squared away until it arrives
Erwin with him in the Vila, that is, in bocalo
but you were already prepared to kill and
Furthermore, everyone in the pieces has said that
ha
dismembered know perfectly well what
pieces used So I already had it
planned saying something very interesting
From his statement is that we know why
did not continue throwing into the sea because it started a
storm, there was a storm, I took the motorcycle
but he takes the motorcycle and doesn't do a thing
raincoat with and with the bags with the
bag Exactly what a shame of course on top of it
can help the defense a lot since
They say that a raincoat is a raincoat
I would have made a raincoat with the defense
at night he went out but chero with the
bags and calling attention that eh of the
tools draws attention by saying that
They know perfectly how to use each
Which piece of tools do they go with? How
cut it and where to cut it, that is, to the
mountain to the Sierra They call it Sierra de
butcher yes no no wood saw
I don't know why no ...
butcher Yes to cut the bones has
said cu used that to cut the
bones assumes that the bottle does not Y
also what they are saying here although
maybe people don't see saying that
all in clean cut say yes one
people who are not used to it
dismember or kill or whatever can
that you know a broken bones
chopped salt but says a clean cut
because they know they are studying they know
perfectly each tool how
has to
cut it said his first statement that
He says it I want to say one thing because in
the chat there are people who are saying and
That guy is going to be released, he can stay
free to see not one thing is irony and
Another thing is what Garcia is saying
Mountains But the reality is that this
man is not going to get out of there in life
I don't know. I've done it for 10-15 years.
minimum
ait 13 14 years old hom to see in Spain no no
there is perpetual careening then it has if not
There is perpetual conflict there
We'll see that with Segarra first, no no
would fall within the legal framework of murder
I think I would be 25 years old because
Of course here in Spain at most 2 but
revisable not for his crime not the
mainly revisable here in Spain
does not fit the crime that has
committed the revisable always me
I ask and what is reviewable here is never
for some crimes For example if
you kill a minor if you kill a girl and
you have abused her
sexually if you kill more than three
people or if you kill for example the king
to the prince to a politician be the
president or something like that there
permanent But there are many cases that
They kill minors and no, not minors
They are always reviews but if there is dinner
perpetual in Spain there is no How how
fits how they are going to judge that to come
Here you can no longer have perpetual
They have to lower it now by 50
clear years then it is not going to be easy
come to fulfill many years but it fits
already in a legal framework of years not in a
legal framework of not not having Yes but the
condition is supposed to be clear that I
I understand that I understand that the one of
Segarra will be the first case in the
Let's see what happens
because
The condition is that here in Spain we are
comes to Spain but has to stay
turning whatever age there is. That is
requirement is not at the end nothing at the end
cash in because the other woman is also there
who came for drugs and was put in a chain
life came after serving 8 years
and he was there for 6 months, 8 years and 6 months ago
yes in the end because here in Spain their
crimes were not were I think there were 10
years or so your crime fits the bill
end Your crime Yes just like that blood
You fit into the Spanish penal code
when they come here accused of
murder which is homicide recorded on
penal code drops from 20 to 25 years and
will be based on that when it comes to fulfilling no
I know how much of the sentence I will be entitled to
to the third degree to ask permission and
then they are no longer complying with
the requirements because it is assumed that the
condition for that agreement to
Thailand with Spain so that so that
the prisoner comes here one of the
conditions other than that the party pays
civil and all the r that one of the
conditions were that he complies with all the
years he has been sentenced to in Thailand
no but of course you have to pay inflation and
has to meet minimum minimum minimum
the years that Thailand demands, be careful
with that not or or 10 years goes in
Thailand, no one can take that away from you.
see why it is not monitored afterwards, I understand
that then it doesn't work or 10 years later if it does
behaves well, has a problem
Inside they are already adding up, I think there is a problem.
He also has the whole consul on top of him.
the whole embassy on top of this guy in the
moment that you can ask for it to be brought
They're going to ask for it because that makes it so
automatically the embassy you do not believe
that there will be movement within the
Jos prison with the personality that
has and the aggressiveness that
You have to keep a low profile, I think.
another thing that gets it but
Yes, beginning, but we'll see, he says that
any minimum that a can have
conflict within the prison will
mtar as a sentence of six months each
Every nonsense leads to another discussion for months.
six months, so no care is taken
He was talking about how he
[Music]
that he was getting cockier with the
judges and with the prisoners and was in a
good prison a comfortable prison s no
lift I'm telling you
Yo man when when you come in there
In Suratan, not just anyone enters there.
who say that they are very dangerous prisoners
that are there or that has the
many bands, I mean there are bands and bands
and bands would be very dangerous then
Of course, if you don't keep a low profile and go
cute I don't think they'll last long
They are going to have quite a few problems with the
The people there are very good people.
marks his territory eh I think he's going to
to screw up I think he's going to have
fights that will come back
completely crazy and aggressive will go to him
to do powerful damage to someone you don't
It should be done and I think it will be done
liar eh or rather realize it's a
many years ahead Thailand a
foreigner does powerful damage to someone
that it doesn't have to be done and that's not going to work
to leave the C
I don't know, no, no, I don't think they'll get involved.
mess with what he likes to boast about
what I see and then look at statements
how he keeps inventing things and I think that
as he invents things with others
prisoners and how prisoners are not stupid
realizes that they are lying to him or
inventing nonsense and can have
problems with the topics that are
but I see more of the aggressiveness that he has
when the head makes him
Shum Because both in the fight of the
taxi queue like in the dewin fight
see that at the moment she is no longer there
premeditation as such but in the
moment in which he is in the task as
that disconnects the mind you know the
aggressive crazy but that guy is not stupid
That guy is just like the camera he has.
has forgotten that there was the camera
It is possible that one day you may forget
who was in prison to see
Jose hit the tail of a taxi
older man why doesn't he put in the 3000
housing and would be a host with the people of
the 3000 homes that were not built or in the
Caada but that mix is not I do not want
to say that it is not stupid that you know here
You have to stick, don't worry.
there in prison he is not going to hit you
no one sure let's see how to hit let's go
see if I was going to go to jail But
you have seen the prisons No, no, no, no
but maybe at the moment you see it
that there is one who is taking advantage of
he or that or that is abusing all day long
or whatever and they say I have to
defend because if not they will eat me and
if he goes away you know what I'm telling you, he abuses you
year for sure I will abuse it for sure I doubt it
because there no one escapes because
My goodness, yes, there you have one, I think.
We're going to hear from Daniel Snchez.
constantly So it's not going to be a
in case you say, well, it's quiet there
there no no I think we are going to have
news that there is either a fight or a fuss
I think we're going to have news
constantly I cousin I think that it goes
to be a person who will reach the
jail the father is going to pay for it
have a healthy environment to protect it
someone more or less what they are going to
make what Fran did cost with
his wife who said it cost her 200,000
eur I think he said to keep half healthy
Well, I imagine that the father is somewhat
will do there so that they have the middle child
healthy and raise the smell as little as possible
Possible Yes but be careful what they have said
What the Guardians have said
They are not the guard of any prisoner 24
hours Therefore if you do not cover yourself
own
back go with whoever protects you, that is
that not everyone there betrays everyone
either
be it is
dangerous I think this type adapts
of people people So it adapts to that
site I think eh I think not that you have very
little empathy and these people have very little
They usually adapt and unless
get into a big fuss and end up
with him but in principle I think that
will pay and no no to the guards I am
talking to the prisoners because in the end they don't
You pay the prisoner, you pay the family who
It's out, no, I mean, and the prisoners know.
who is inside know who it is because
Relatives say: Hey, I had told you
that so-and-so has come in who was
then of course there is a move now
They will have to move so that the son does not
Nothing will happen to him, I guess. And that's what they'll do.
and they will spend one, Francua already said it
He said these people are going to be ruined.
keep Daniel Sch healthy they are going to
ruin That's what Franco said here in your
program at the very beginning will know about
what he says he had his ex
in jail for so long, so long, you
Do you agree with what he says?
Fran who could have acted differently
way from the beginning and another line
of defense and would have achieved if
They would have done things right 50 years ago
For example
I, well, I agree with him.
for many reasons from the beginning
what Daniel said from the beginning
He apologized to the victim's family and
They're going to lower that in Thailand.
immediate to recognize all those things
but he didn't say a word, not a moment, he didn't say anything
nothing is about being arrogant, nothing is about being arrogant
arrogant did not say Until now they are the
sentence that has come out has not been requested
Sorry
No, they do not ask for forgiveness from the family of the
victim not even in Reno of Thailand
They didn't hurt anything, sorry, that's very
bad for for for for him of course not
for Thailand because the Thais
especially the authorities
I love that all those people
of of of criminals and everything they don't ask for
immediately pardon the facts
so for that it is like okay ha
retrained has not recognized and such and
which then we are going to collaborate because already
that they collaborate with us, they ask for forgiveness and such
But not for a moment has he said anything
the family was not the victim nor Thailand
nor anything at all I don't know why I don't know
because Daniel's defense does not
says says Hey Well there is an image of Dan
Sancho at the very beginning when he goes
walking along the beach along the estuary that
asks for forgiveness from the Kingdom of Thailand that Yes
It's true, it's true that when I was
with anan but no judgment no no no but
I say that I asked for it F says I apologize to
Thailand something like that I don't remember words
That's why I say that but it's the same
In the end I don't know what there is to see now
This is the complete sentence that I have to
read it, as I said, it hasn't given me much
time and good and see the resource they go
to present you already have it that you have
very difficult eh I think it is very
difficult because it has everything tied up here
everything is very clear, very clear, very difficult
when this occurs is to prolong it
so that I can start going today
lowering
Of course 60 days can be firm is a
[ __ ]
to appeal we are in a position that already
The truth is that what I see is not good.
nothing to do, or rather nothing, she already has it
everything prepared, premeditated, very clear
very clear tests, all very difficult
to dismantle to see from what point they are going
dismantle that has not been premeditated or
it is complicated, very complicated, because you
It matters that I put an audio of Fran a
second that he sent me an audio I think
which is to put it like this to see a
secondly they are not there
sleeping Fran never ever in the
waking life What are you doing awake now?
never in life is like
Twilight sleeping standing up is not like
bua sleeps standing up you catch when it's Yes
Listen, and if I don't cut off, that the
WhatsApp of course I was going to say it okay J the
Uncle Pore mobile with the
Claro mobile Now yes yes Now Now
I'm back, anything goes, I caught it when WhatsApp
I was telling you that, you weren't listening to me
worth it
I put no more quality to put it
directly But it's true I don't know
your room may look more and more like the
imaginary uncle it doesn't matter what they do
resources that do not make resources
The first thing you had to do was leave
publicly the parents are to ask for forgiveness
to say no we feel not only for the
Edwin's family but also by the
Thai people blah blah blah would have to
pay the money they have been sentenced to
in advance and it doesn't matter what they put
the resource has been followed
they have continued to mess with the
police and the police is the prosecutor's office
end of the day
And it doesn't matter if they appeal
that is not the damage is not only to a
the figure of the family also damages
It's the Thai people. So it is that
That is very important for a Thai
It is very important that if you are a foreigner
Even if you lower your head, that's a
act of forgiveness very great and they have not done it
done, that is, they have to do it
publicly and well done if it does not matter
that they make resources as if they lead to
prince of veelar da
Maybe we'll see if they ask for forgiveness for what has happened.
Frank is absolutely right.
publicly well done on the part of the
defend a resource all that and pay
indexing Not because they are going they are not going to
reduce the sentence but they will do it as you see fit
one more possibility when they arrive at
Real Sorry, they will consider that.
easily when the Day of Forgiveness arrives
Real and they will always see the
authority will see if they asked for forgiveness
the family the victim or not If piron
Sorry Kingdom of Thailand or has not been
paid all the compensation that he
whether the judges oblige or not, all of that is very
important is a point you have to look at
the defense that and and they do it and force it
that Daniel do that you Med the victim
you p Sorry in thailand pen Sorry such
And then we pay everything we have to
pay and that's it, and then when the day comes
They are going to ask for real Peron, they are going to have it
easier if not I haven't been careful. Of course, but
These people are talking about appealing
They are talking about how they are not going to start
pay compensation nor are they going to ask for it
sorry to appeal is we will continue
fighting for the solution but stopping if
They think of Par of defense it seems to me
The most clumsy thing if you think like this is that the most
clumsy and very
But how do they want to get to court?
supreme They know that they are not going to
do nothing but want to reach supreme
To reach supreme they have to resort
first
Zatar and then Supreme But what I
I don't understand, let's see what they are for
They want to appeal all those things. If already
If they are already saying the sentence so
Of course it is very difficult to see what they are doing.
aar them what happens that they bathe in the
model all the sentences are very
clear then but if Thailand is
Thailand is not European again
let's go back to
To say that this is how we have been since it began
the queil ell case that in Europe does not
can do nothing because it is not or is not
that is very wrong here many
Sometimes a sentence is very clear and
they change a
resource an instance and then notice that
Your [ __ ] is the same case and they change a lot.
then they will say calm down we can
continue
you know but you have to think that being in
Thailand that the defense has to
wake up gentlemen many things but
end They are super Europeanized and I
I tell you that they think in a way like
They think about Europe So I really
I am one of those who believe that what are they going to do?
the resource I tell you sincerely no
I think that making an appeal I think Eh
I could be wrong but I think they are going
to make resources and they are going to make three
It is also possible that I catch you and you
let them go
three but look if they are going to make resources
The only thing I ask is that they don't say
before the judges or the prosecutor's office
saying that the bag they are going to make
A raincoat won't even cut the saw.
coconut that they delete it and its resource that no
it serves that it does not serve that it does not serve because
please in your report
I put my eyes on you to help you
a little bit to speed things up a little bit is that
that they cut it that they erase it that From
truth is that it would be better for him to do so, there is no
no sentence the judge opines on the
raincoat Well, of course one thing is
Say it Ana Rosa and say it is another thing
played here does not put it not done nor
account would be brutal if I said you are
laughing at
We mother and I have nothing good for you, of course.
They, as I said, are already joking around
saying that what is it we are in court
or we are at the supermarket
From the market it would cost me I understand
that everyone has to defend themselves and not
There are some things that can be defended
or what you can claim or what you can
use but the raincoat thing is fine with me
It seems disrespectful in front of
an authority is that it is to laugh
directly
you know but even I don't do it
reference that is not even known
read you say for example well it is that
He signed this paper under false pretenses. Okay, okay.
discussion is not that the knife was for
cutting wood is fine but saying that
raincoat I think it is already
laugh at a judge's face, dude
no but it is very heavy for the
judges listening to that lady of course
first what they think but that is
seriously she is a lawyer or criminologist or
I don't know what she's called
but it's a Barbara I bought BS the garbage
for the whole week is that he doesn't say number
silly boy saying that he is a child
those
barbarities for you to see or it is
What's worse than Daniel, that's why they go like
They go to his defense because of course they do.
That line is a line of I don't know about
a laugh of little laughter
I don't see why professionalism, mother
mine I sincerely these people
usually lend themselves to these
cases not as we have discussed in many
Occasionally these media cases for
to gain publicity and
impact apart from that of the place
as a panelist but damn they are some
criminologists and some lawyers who have
marked for life, that is, you Imagine
that you have a problem with your bad hand
Marcos Garca Monte I am the balls
But well, but Marcos Garca Monte
The same thing happened, eh, it's a new state, I don't
I know, let's see what you think. I think
that you see cases of celebrities who are A
better than another type of legal issue
to the honor of defamation and things
I have seen them and the man has
done well he looked like a serious man
Also very serious, very this, the other one and I
I'm getting another impression
completely different from the one I had
his
but you think he knew it
You guys think he knew that they were going to
condemn you to perpetual careening
I knew who thinks it's going to come out in
8 years or in 10 years Monte I think that
I knew what was there, I think so.
I think that then he has done in front of the
cameras, well, what it always does is
that's what uncle always does but also
He said that Dolores Vquez was the culprit.
The case of Rooco Bnic is that Garcia
Mountains like this seem like you don't know them.
but you don't know it because you are not
involved in this world but
Yes, but then everything went wrong.
So how do you not think what they are doing?
to make his reputation because it seems to me
Not a little bit anymore because I didn't get anything right
but nothing at all at all
then I don't understand your role siina
will speak tomorrow it seems to me I think there is
a press conference
I think I think if I'm not mistaken give me a
second because I have received one
tweet or could I be wrong? No
Here yes Tomorrow at September 13th
8:55 a.m. arrival at terminal 4
Mad port of Baraja Osina analysis of
the
sentence at 88:55 of the
afternoon where at the airport
[Music]
I can't imagine that you translated it before.
Translate I imagine it has been translated
I say I put iron with the Thais
Since you don't take yours with you, you take it with you.
cho
Well, I've been carrying the s's on foot, which I don't
I forgot Sorry one thing one thing and
we're already closed we're closing they just gave it to me
put in the chat and it is true that before
It's my fault he's not taking notes
while you were reading it
statement of the torment lie
eh I don't know if there was a storm But maybe
be an explanation of why he threw
things to the landfill and others to the sea can
be the only V is here the sentence
There was a storm But there was a storm
There was no storm to go to the beach
TR hours on a motorcycle yes but on a motorcycle it is not
the same as in the water maybe in the
water I don't know there would be bad waves I would
I know the story of him he says he throws the
trash the remains because there is a storm
It may be true that maybe he has
I'm afraid to get into the water during a storm.
I know but you know what he said that
I think that is true that he throws them away.
but he said but the sentence is not
has put but police report from the
at first he said that he presumed
that he pulled part of the sea because he did not
had put on the gloves Therefore
knowing that the sea is not good for me
They're going to get the fingerprints but what is
He threw the garbage in the garden he was carrying.
how many
That is, he knew what moment it was
how many times does it take so many
Then he says if he takes how many he won't.
to catch and if I don't take it, what are they going to do?
catch and he thinks if they are going to catch me
I'm shooting at sea and they're going to catch me
I put in the trash that's what he thinks
I don't know if that theory is true or not.
but he said to the
police
Okay, well, people, what I said
Okay, Jos is going to be doing it for
a series of videos in the coming days
analyzing the
sentence I don't know if I will do as such
analyzing the sentence because removing
what we have discussed in this live broadcast
unless you pull out a bomb on me in one of them
Of those videos that have not surprised me, I have not been
very surprised by everything or so
I practically think we have
commented Everything here but well everything
It depends on what you find
But remember that it does come out tomorrow
the series that we will comment on
I'll comment, eh, I'll see it tomorrow, yes, tomorrow
I don't know if I'll have time to see all three.
episodes because you told me they are
three more not three more Apart from the one already
three of course the one they put F the zero
the one, two, and three remain clear, that is
that maybe not tomorrow but between
tomorrow the day after tomorrow and the next we will be
commenting on what was said Okay thanks now
There are still 13,000 people here.
seeing each other among all of us
the networks So many thanks to
all of you who have accompanied us all
the night to remember you and ask you please
to all of you who would be grateful if you
You go through the three channels, Tuyupa Triun
Art and jav oliveira and follow us on
YouTube is worth it and you will say like to everyone
from the live and nothing See you tomorrow
big hug
bu Thanks for being with me
No, I don't have coffee, I'm going to the dentist.
Come on, don't go until tomorrow
bye bye goodbye
ev boys